Mark what is your reaction on opportunities last seconds
good to see the human race is advancing in more solutions for problems
Clearly thats not Bill Gates it's a hologram
This touched me
If I'd want to run an experiment where could I buy these?
Lmfao that girls hustle. "Yeah I'll give you $20...... MOM!"
one of the best vids i have ever watched in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!
"""Mummy?""

Get used to that mum..."
Richer countries do help poor states. It's these poor states that mismanage the technical assistance, money and not forgetting rampant corruption. My country get's help all the time but the money is always stolen.
I like that he used an old Afroman song in the beginning.
you already know the creator of pizza roles hella happy rn
What I really don't understand is why would someone ever dislike this video. It's entertaining, educating, and just purely positive all around.
"Mark: Makes an Adam Sandler reference
Nobody notices"
lol Bill Gates cares about poor countries that can't compete with rich countries, but he didn't feel that way when he was using daddy's money to unfairly destroy other businesses.
Next time: install pirated Windows in front of Bill Gates
"I'm gonna meet bill gates what do I do?" "Hmmm" makes pizza rolls and mudy water
From plants to ants, I see underpants
Drink some more to stop T-Series
Ah Mark, making the world a better place on video at a time. True hero right here folks.
You. Met. Bill. Gates... Omg.
Bill Gates deserves all the wealth and fame he has. He has all my respects
Did Rainy actually give you $20?
how does this video have dislikes?
Did he just say HIV and then aids like it's different?
I learn more on this channel in one day than in a month at school. I need to reevaluate my life. smh
why not pour the whole world with those packets and 100% clean water?
I love when people spread the hilarious conspiracy that Bill Gates wants to commit genocide (but he does stuff like this tho)
Does this water still not contain pathogens and other microbes??
06:20
2:38 if you're from Flint, Mich.
Put it in coke
why am I not subscribed
Cheers to Mark for not clickbaiting Bill Gates
My sanity has left the chat
"Ima be that guy
You should've put Bill gates as a tag or in the thumbnail/title


For these kinds of videos, it's best to farm as much views as possible, because you want those views for reasons other than money or fame. You want them to promote good things."
Bill Gates is like the only good billionaire that actually gives back.
*''shrek will remember that''*
Would this help the people of Flint?
Love your videos bro.
at 2:09 their heads mess up. Creepy.
There are way more people alive today than have died in all history. I don't think the most intelligent person was from a long time ago, I think they're someone alive today, probably in their 20's.
0:27 IT'S NERF OR NOTHIN'
Bill gates? What a surprise
"Love this, except one small detail....

Aiding countries is great, sometimes people need some help to get on their feet. BUT,  there needs to be research done into the economy of the country needing the aid to see what kind of aid and resources would actually help the country in the long term.

FOR EXAMPLE: 

Right now in Haiti, the US is considering sending down food in light of recent civil unrest and all facets of life (School, business, access to fuel, food and water) coming to a stop because of protests and road blockages. this is NOT going to help the economy at all, in fact this will do so much damage to an economy that is still trying to get out from under the last time they received such aid (In 2010 after the earthquake). 


A much better way to help the economy would be to support the local farmers and businesses, by buying from them to distribute to their fellow countrymen!


Just some thoughts from a US Expat living in Haiti since 2013"
"Tries a pizza roll...
""Not bad!""
Slides the plate away..."
bill gates hates ur guts now you didn't get his burger
Ok p&g I hate you less now
You used plaque inc for demonstration
Omg you actually talk to bill gates
Search nas daily lake cleaning
8:23 they actually used the plague inc map and also BILL FRICKIN GATES GUYS WTF
2:00 DIRTY MAN TEACHING KIDS WRONG THINGS, PERVERT
god dammit as indon that's hurt my feeling
A rising tide raises all ships
2:09 wtf?!
2:14 That kid said that looks better more than I have said it in my life LOL
Bill Gates and his wife are a gift to this earth.
"Comment people plz don't harass me.



What did Bill Gates make?"
"the rule of 3

-  3 weeks without food
- 3 days without drinkable water
- 3 minutes without oxygen"
5:30 is actually Joakim karud - Dizzy
Did Bill Gates actually drink the water? The video ended too soon!
Me and my school did a project with the makers of that product
Why only 12 videos a year?
Just give life straws to everyone without clean water.

Elon Musk has entered the Chat
This video is incredibly well made, very uplifting and really informative Great job mark!
All star intensifies.
amagine billgates coming to your house to give you half of his money XD
"DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER (to save the world)" When you make a cilckbaity name of the video and you need to excuse it somehow :)
Shrek wants to know your location
Where can i get these water cleaning packets
Talking about NASA with a NASA T-shirt hah
can we make a petition to make bill gates the president of the US
How the actual hell did you manage to speak with bill gates
Bill Gates is so cute and sweet I love him
But chlorine itself it's poisonous.... the idea it's great....but ....yeah...
Thanks Bill gates for making Microsoft that made halo 3 best game ever.
* hb
09:49
sub to pewdiepie
Worlds richest man but no Gucci or anything like that
Lets say you solve the water problem.. then how do you educate generations of people, with a country which struggles economically?
I want to buy some
The 3k dislikes is from Jeff bezos
Bill is such a down to earth guy. He doesn't brag about having money like all thisbother rich people. He is such a cool guy.
8:52 he is speaking with THE CREATOR OF XBOX
Good to help others, but another issue is dictators that don't allow the people to get the help that other countries try to give. They'll take our humanitarian aid and use it to gain and maintain power over their people. I don't see we will be able to quell the growth of humanity either, 7 billion is a LOT of people. This can get into how this makes me disagree with immigration just because someone is poor, watching the "gumball immigration" video really puts that into perspective. Though I think there are definitely possible negatives, if we are to help a foreign country, it should be helping them in their own country. The people of the country may be poisoned by some of our ideas though. Sure we are better off, but some of our ideas only work because of the long history we have building these things up little by little.
How do you remove the mud from the clean water then ;-;
5:56 Turned into a food review
Where can I buy this?
Do it with ocean water I want to see if it works
Wait they used them in North Korea?
What if that 0.001% bacteria kills u
I heard that NASA astronauts drink own pee which is recycled as pure water .....IS THIS FACT TRUE? ?????
To save pewdiepie
Dude it looked like the straw was in the muddy part!!???!!?!
2:18 What di he say... WHAT DID HE SAAA YYYYY MARK????? I NEED TO KNOW!
A giant nerf gun is scientific.
Jeff bezos is actually the richest
You KNOW he got Escherichia Coli , and the " Aztec Two Step"  from that one swallow
Somebody knows what powder that is ?
Get this to trending
To be honest, do we want to cure all deseases, look at the explodion growth of the world, by 2050 the world would no longer be sustanaible at this way of life.
He used a straw to drink water at the bottom when clean water was only found at the top of the bottle???
12 hours later. He got extremely sick
Plague Inc
Everyone said Albert Einstein was the smartest human but still he married his first cousin wich also was his second cousin
In our country foreign aid simply means an opportunity to fund your next electoral campaigns. Sad.
I want to buy  these packets for my earthquake kit. Are they available to buy in new Zealand.
Kid Slaves
If you dislike this video you are a monster
Shrek has entered the chat
WHaT AbOuT tuberculosis MaRK
Or I should reframe that. I want to be a scientist that makes the world a better place
I want to be a scientist when I grow up. Does that count?
I appreciate your dedication to save the world
Oh come on. That was a hell of a video! Really good stuff there!
uhhh, I don't think that's how it works.
"Wanna hear good news?




Your 2019 is now blessed
:)"
Erm 9:30 super smash brothers?
"1st watched video from him
His questions seemed like he really cared!"
8:25 Plague INC. Nice xD
Bill Gates makes every videos look private
I thought the title said ''to save Pewdiepie ''...I am dissapointed
proleter ftw
9:44 so am i the only one who heard michael rosen?
Science is the best... this was cool
"1:08
its his only friends he have"
ben shapiro be getting old now
chuck norris can make the bacteria flee just with a glance
Plaque incccccc
Those 3k dislikes just want the world to burn
Hey mark , make a video explaining how alcohol effects on our mind and body.
The way bill stands in line like that reminds me of that one villain in the orange in despicable me
you should read more about chemical engineering
u r nogood steve
Bill Gates is dope asf
H*ck greenland wasn't infected
2:37, 5:30 for Trouble In Terrorist Town GMOD players.
You should run for president
Drinking Swamp Water (to save pewdiepie)
Read more
OUT STANDING MOVE
lol plague inc
Man you're probably the most genuine guy I've seen on this platform. You used this video to spread awareness about why one should commit to humanitarian causes and even got FREAKING BILL GATES in the video but you never even bothered to mention it in your title or thumbnail. You didn't milk the opportunity even a bit. You are doing one hell of an amazing job man. Keep doing you!
Why does bill gates seem so damn healthy and extremely happy and down to earth and he is still doing all this at the age of 63. I want to be just like him.
Jeff Bezos is the richest man on Earth not gates
not monetised for that dead possum good job mark.
Mark, thank you for not being a clickbate channel
I still don't want to drink it because it can't kill 0,1% viruses and bacteria
Pretend That I Said Something Scientific And Then Like It
How does this save the world even remotely?
What I find crazy is most geniuses in their time was considered mad (crazy). It blows my mind how everyone's mind looks the same but see different.
2:01 That guy is an expert no wonder.
Why save the world when you can save Pewdiepie from T-series?
8:30 I love that game
what if an insect swims up.
Tbh I never really cared about the future but this changed my mind
Nice advertisement
Steve Jobs has joined the chat
3:18 isn't HIV and aids the same thing?
The last thing i expected is to see actual bill gates in this video.
"anime, manga, hentai..
no regret"
This needs to have atleast 7 billion views
Ok but bills succulents are dying
"Correction: no life that we know of can survive without water and all life as we know it requires water to live.
In the vast infinite space I am sure that there must exist lifeforms that do not require water to live."
Its  so great that this is a thing now! And that it actually WORKS!
Well done
yoooo you didnt even use bill gates his name and you didnt put him in the thumbnail? there are so much youtubers that can learn from you
Great video. Thanks!
Second richest man
poors a powder to a tray of water "i'm a man of science"
Water seems very complicated now
this has inspired me and yes i might just be some 14 year old computer nerd but i want to try to find things like this i know its not easy but if every person thinks its to hard and gives up it will kill the world and as much as you might think you can not do anything yourself you can with time and effort you have to start somewhere no one it born talented or smart but you work to it. that is how people find amazing solutions like this i want to study safe chemicals that neutralise and purify water its is stuff like this that helps. people say don't copy other peoples ideas but people just add to other peoples ideas and it creates great solutions
I don't understand why poor countries can't clean there water. Put a pot of water over fire and collect the steam its not Rocket science right.
How bout tardigrades man????
First MKBHD meets Bill Gates, now Mark Rober!
That moment when you have Bill Gates in you video but you  dont even put him  in title
Really didn't expect a bill cameo
wow man i love how you think towards helping those poor countries,can't tell you how much i am inspired from you,i am actually also from Pakistan and i also want to do something like you do to help poor people in my country.
8:25 is that plague inc
U should use this in India for the Centirum
Thailand dont use it man u wrong
I think bill gates is awesome
Why don't they just throw the packets into the swamp
#NAME?
Nice Plague.ink clip
"Inspiring video...
Thankyou."
Okay, what kind of sub-human scumbag dislikes a video like this?
I feel like as people we should all help one another and stop being so greedy! Thats what life is about. If everyone wasnt so greedy the world iwould be a better place no doubt.
Bear Gryllz left the group
if you were in the philippines, every where that there is a pond or lake, its always dirty
Great video thank you
Immigrants add a lot to the US economy and as long as the developing have tight hands in R&D it is necessary for human development  and the world economy to help them and U guys are not as smart as u think that's why .
What if we pour enough of this powder into the ocean!
There needs to be more people in the world like you and bill gates
06:52
Great video, very inspirational
Actually albert isnt the smartest person it was the first cavemen on the plannet cause they had to learn how to cook, hunt, purify water, and protect themselfs
Omg with bill gates
dies of dysentery
just to say bill gates is worth 97 billion dollars but jeff bezos on the other hand is worth 133 billion so he is not the richest
Except for water bears. They can survive fricking space. Water bears are the gods of the microscopic world
Big thanks to bill gates bcoz of his appreciation for Indonesia
i would be shocked if bill gates hadnt seen that water purification powder before.
das ist wunderschon
Hi
The WATERBOY has entered the chat
As long as we don't put our government in the forefront im in
Why don't we just put the powder into swamps to clean them
Make the things in paper bags not plastic bags!
"The PH branch of P&G used to sell this back in the day, under the name PuR.

Thank you for bringing this important matter to all of us, sir.

https://youtu.be/wCmBPzH_diA"
No doubt that it was his last video.
Didnt bill gates do a ted talk talking about population control or something along those lines
Not as a country but as an individual you can amd its called charity
After seeing Mr. Bill Gates here, I feel so bad for having Microsoft software that have been cracked. Gonna spend money for good reason then
Breaking news bill gates dead after drinking contaminated water
I came in my cat
But why? What is the reason for this?
clEAn wAter. HEllo there from Russia
bill Gates give me money
7:14. Bill Gates actually care about my country Indonesia. I cried.
its because they get hiv malaria and aids from drinking the water
You are awesome Mark!!.Its always wonderful watching videos which are so inspiring and thought evoking !
"i had a thought,,, 


if we put as many of these packets in the river... could we almost always drink the water... also,,, We would get the areas of the rivers clean..."
Did bill gates give u a lil money? Like 10K at least
That Asian music background
Take a firefighter plane and fill it up with that water cleaner and drop it in the poor countries
and then... Aliens who don't use water is found and part of this video is obsolete lol
Take a cup of ocean. Now put in. Take a sip. Is it salty.
"You gotta be careful with money to poor countries. It is better to invest in business to create work than just give them straight money. 

Straight money could be absorbed by some corrupt government already there. 

Damn Greenland still be chillin
Is it bad that I know you have music from another particular thing that you played in the beginning
"Well...
It would seem that Mr. Gates has more of a grasp on how international economics work, then the sitting president.
Well he is kinda good tho
Ideas are bullet proof
O:28 why is this dude abusing his children
Shrek blamed me for getting his swamp water
Can we talk about how dope that subtle Super Mario arcade-like transition was between scenes ? Clever ASF
This man is stating facts.
I just want to know how he was able to meet bil gates thats like a dream come true even if it is to ask him a scientific question
Get out of me swamp
how to profit off swamp kids through gambling 101
2:32 did you mean to copy water boy
Did you get your 20 bucks?
7:44 a ghost
Does it work for pee? We could all recycle our own...water!
Plz don't use this you may not have mud in your water but there is still bacteria and parasites in it. If you don't want pin worms boil your water
More videos like this please! You are an inspiration! I hope you can also create something that can help also the whole world! God bless Mark!
Where have you been??.....damn glad you're back!!!!!!
Mark Rober for president
Not one Gucci belt in sight
"If anyone from 3019 is watching this then 
hit the like button pleas cause we use to live crazy world 1000 years ago when we was alive"
Bdelloidea
Your so cool
Lol these kids walking around in $90 boots
Oof just put this in the flint river
6:18 pause
3:18 1, HIV 2. Aids... isn't that the same thing xD
Shrek will not like this if you use his swamps water
since p&g made this, can i use it in tide pod??
try it with bong watter
8:25 is that Plague Inc. gameplay?
"That actually can help the world but we need like
100,000,000,000 titanic filled with that magic dust on oceans and animals will live thanks to that and with the animals we will survive"
Did bill actually drink the water?
we are all happy they made this but .... since this is from Product & Gamble they only have a monetary incentive to do it
Got one of the richest men to eat pizza rolls. A true genius
MARK PLEASE MAKE MORE VIDEOS!!
Just Ask Team Avatar To Clean the rivers
So you can drink chlorine?
All the praise for the Waterboy reference in front of children lol
Mark is very smart like wow you were good in school
I'm calling Child Protection Services.
Oh pika pika
bill is my idol
I want this to be dumped into a huge lake
Feeding the richest dude on earth with pizza role is now on my bucket list
1:08 the new Logan Paul?
Id ask him for 1billion dollars
"0:25



Anyone else?"
This guy post more than ceeday
Did Bill Gates try the water? Maybe you should have asked him what he would give you if you drank it!
Would this work for radioactive liquid
He got bill gates doe...he got the juice now
6:16 Hold up
WHAT IS THIS POWDER???
4:10 how does he do all that without moving the paper whatsoever
Ahh contaminated water kills more people than 10 different diseases combined... Ban water!
Isnt that Shrek's sweat?
Richest man in the world is Jeff Bazos.  (Aka owner of Amazon)
Yay i live in seattle
09:40
Hol up. I have the same sink AND stove as this boi.
"WAIT 12 VIDEOS A YEAR

At least the videos are good"
this will save shrek a water bill
"You know who i think is the smartest person?





Julius Caesar."
i checked your channel yesterday to look for vid it wasnt there!?!?! so you schedleueueud it for today? ughghghghg
Keep up the work man
i was hoping he would drink the water
Bill Gates is a really cool person
"My video Thumbnail: Bill Gates eats Freakin Pizza Rolls with me!!!

Marks Thumbnail: Clean drinkable water.

High five to you good sir!! Keep the education uh comin!"
These videos make my day
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE how you mentioned that maybe any person in any country may be the next smartest person in the world or the one to save us from hunger. its something ive thought of since childhood, all those families lost in war, one of those kids could've saved us all.
You touched my heart today. Congrats for this.
'' where's my 20 bucks, Ramie? ''
Bill still salty he didn't get no burger
Now where do I get a good 3000
Everyone should keep one of these in there cars just in case
Will it separate salt
Would that powder help Flint?
Does this work on ocean water?
What if you stuck the straw too deep and it went into the dirt...
this is incredible. what a great video. OMG... bill gates!?  holy crap. so awesome.
Wait wait wait wait why dont you make morw
That's what happens when you put milk and coke together then mix it together.
You should upload more often, Mark. You are great, and an inspiration.
How the hell did the is collab with Bill gates
This is so inspiring. Thanks Mark. I want to help the world like this.
Wait was that a youtube friendly version of "Colt 45" ? lol @ 1:24
Mark Rober is like Barry Allen (the flash)
"But does it get rid of the germs in it?

Edit: nvm, continued watching video"
HIV and aids are the same thing
3k parasites and dead possums disliked this video...

meet richest man on earth and makes pizza rolls he learned something from memes
"Hi Mark!  :) Where can we buy that purifier packets?

Edit: I'm from the Philippines, btw.  Thanks in advance!  :)"
4 days = 4 mil views
Is it just water
I waited 1 month for this!!!!!
except for the lead poisoning in sandy Utah
Shreks swamp
Can't trust anything in this video because he somehow got Iceland in plague Inc.
Can you be my adopted uncle please?
"God dammit he got to bill gates FUUUUUU






Lolololololololololololololololololol"
HOLY, HE IS TRYING TO RACK ME DOWN, NANI.
I wish I could meet you I live in there :(
but the chlorine is bad for you
Could this powder clean salt water??
Did anyone realize the bottom of the straw was in the muddy stuff?
"Meets richest man in the world

Makes him pizza rolls"
Did you hear that the mars rover opportunity is dead
SHREK HAS LEFT THE CHAT.
Imagine if you get a virus from a .01 percent chance
opossum? what is that? a dead or oppressed possum?
You know your rich when you chill with bill gates
This video is very refreshing in comparison to how our current administration feels about the success of other nations
marko robbo
umm Bill said he likes weeniessssss
:)
But is it safe to drink chlorine
"Mark Rober is overrated. He has never met Bill Gates.






Oh Wait"
No swearing on my Christian sever
bill gates is such a chill dude
Makes a lemon powered car"
Who tf is that old guy
Did Bill ever get his burger?
By the way I was waiting for Shrek to come out of nowhere and telling them to get out off my swamp.
He did that opossum like Logan Paul did the Asian guy
Actually Albert Einstein is not the smartest. The second smartest person to live is William James Sidis with an IQ over 250, the actual smartest person is Shaggy from Scooby Doo who uses his fighting tactics with ease using only 0.00001% of his power.
How much water purifying packets will it take to purify the whole oceans
Oh hi Mark.
But how do you get the chlorine out?
Could this powder also separate salt from the water too, i'm not very familiar with it.
Hi mark you inspire me so much thank you for this you are amazing
He used the plague scene from plague inc
Did anyone else see the Studio C sticker?
Anyone want bill gates 2020 president?
"Who's the smartest person that ever lived?




Some random homeless bum that's trying to survive"
5:35 Faze Rug?
richest man on planet earth... jeff bezos finally went to mars
Can you breath under the pool of orbeez
Wow thumbs downing this video, you must be a real piece of work.
Bill is so awsome I would totally edit his videos for free
Only 20 bucks to drink that water?!
mark rober you have helped learn more about science then i ever learned
Bill Gates is a real Bro.
We could give this powder to the poor so the dont have to drink dirt water and dont die       :(
one thing they look like there made out of plastic
In the long run, the cost to create clean drinking water is offset by better living conditions for poor countries. This can, in turn, make a country more productive, not having to worry about things like clean water.
I feel like this is what YouTube was made for. Yes, some content is for pure for entertainment, but these types of videos are for 1. Education,  2. For making the world a better place, and 3. To bring attention to people and problems around the globe. All I can say is thank you. Not just to you, but anyone else who is able to create videos like this. <3
"232
Did anybody get that reference????"
Bill Gates used to be a good person till he came out as a Communist.
Are we going to get a video dedicated to Curiosity?  Considering you were a part of the project
"""Where's my 20 bucks, Rainy?""
""Mommy"""
Flint, Michigan
"Why only 12 videos 
#wewantmorevideos"
"Me: loses a bet




MMMMMMMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMM?!?!?!?!?!?!?"
Another guy made a product like this except when his was done filtering the water at all floated to the top
Why do u only make 12 videos a year
When your really smart and your bored: tada
So... help the poor, and we can all be globally good? Sign me up.
happy 6 million subscribers
show is drinking swamp water saving the world??
High quality, inspiring content!
Survival tip: the 333 rule, 3 weeks without food 3 days without water and 3 minutes without oxygen your welcome
How did he meet bill gates
Is that instrumental Crazy Rap- Afroman? 1:20
Water boy
Now it only misses radiation binding
THIS IS MY SWAMP
shrek wants to know your location
For the  2.9K people who gave this video a thumbs down... try smiling. It will make you feel a lot better.
I didnt know Bill Gates was a Rothschild...your making a false statement by "the richest man in the world....even if it was Bezo's it wouldnt be true.
Props to not wasting water
I wish I had that teleporting thing
"I drink 1 bottle of water at least once a day to sometimes bi-daily.





lol you used plague.inc to demonstrate diseases
Too bad you used a straw just to kill annother turtle
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
IN MY SWAMP?!?!"
1 video a month df bro we got daily youtubers
What about the 00.01% of bacteria?
You are awesome!
Vdfvg fing bn
Who else was eyeing those pizza rolls?
The maker of microsoft called sony a maker of "Good products"
Shrek: WHO IS TOUCHING MY BEAUTIFUL AND CLEAN SWAMP?!
Respect man!
Did bill flex on Japan
Bill Gates is literally the coolest rich man ever....
Such a good cause
Hold up, I thought bill gates was dead
This is so informative and just over all an amazing video.
Thank you Disney Chanel
Neal degrades Tyson is probably the smartest man alive
just casually hitting up Bill Gates for a vid on Youtube
Ok YouTube. I watched it.
I just realized that was Bill Gates!!!
9:06 Nikola Tesla
WHY ARE YOU DRINKING MY  SWAMP
Love his slide show things with construction paper!!!
You need more subscribers than pewdiepie and t-series combined.
You met the freaking gates and didnt even put it in the title or the thumbnail
His videos are so well thought out!!!
Why not put A WHOLE LOT of that packet crystals into a dirty dirty river and stir that shiz up and drinkkkkkkkkkk
R I P possum
2:36 M O M M Y
I hope the kids atleast got some pizza rolls out of it too
Bill gates wants Mosquito deployed vaccinations...
What are you doing in my swamp
THIS CAN LITERALLY SAVE THE WORLD!!
a scientist with charisma and humor? this is our alpha
if you were to get 1 ton of it we could save millions of people and fish etc.
Who else shat their selfs when the giant ant appeard xD
when i grow up i want to be a scientist like you
This is wrong. Yes this camp kill bacteria and such, but it can not kill viruses. So what you said in the video is false.
i have subscribed
your awesome
the packets are plastic maby they should like decompost or something
"Water is poison 






100% of people who drinked water died"
5:05 5ft x 15ft x 14,150,400ft (2680miles across the US) x 13 trips x 7.48 (gallons/CuFt) = 13,796,640,000 gallons  That's just 13.8 gallons per the one billion people that don't have clean drinking water.  Picture how quickly you use 13.8 gallons, a shower, a few toilet flushes, and a coffee.  That's what you do daily, 13.8gal is what they've got total...on average.
Are you going to make a video about the death of the opportunity rover
PROFESSOR FARSNWORTH!!!!!!
whats that product called
how do you save the world by drinking mud water? its like i can say drinking salt water saves the world. great video tho
1:07 Rest in spaghetti, never forgetti
poor gates D; 6:22
"6:08 - ""not what i normally eat""


cant say im surprised"
"What does the earth matter if not even the galaxy matters?



What no I'm not having an existential crisis"
Bill gates is a good guy, but no one needs 60+ bil at the end of the day. He can easily make all of the changes he preached with a single cheque.
What a perfect video like dayum
He acted like he liked those pizza rolls. This dudes lunch costs 1 million.
Faith in Humanity being recharged.
no, no, no, no
Mark Rober's outfit costs more than Bill Gates right now.
Ahhh what a legend to bring bill gates
Guys can we appreciate bill has red bull in his fridge bottom right
WE GON GO TO THE PARK, AFTER DARK, SMOKE THAT TUMBLEWEED
how can people dislike this video??? i will never understand that
This is cool what if you could do this to used toilet water and drank it
or you could buy a LifeStraw
Aawee 9:47
It's nice that you want this but there's too many people on the planet and were killing the ocean figure out how to get all the plastic out of the ocean it's killing the sea life .
Great video
"This was really cool!


Read more"
What happens if you put this in already purified water
So if you dumped like 1000 packets into a lake it would just purify the lake?
Great video!
This needs more attention!
I am cooled of this packet of life saving magic
captive
Posion is in the dos
2:09-2:10 was it editing or did it just glitch
Dang I want more videos! 12 is cool and all but I learn a crap ton of stuff from you, much respect .
1:15 child slavery
Chlorine...? Is that really safe for drinking? :/
"""things that are biological and living""
What is living and NOT biological?
You could argue any virus, but not really?"
I subscribed after this, was right up my interests and felt like a really passionate and well put together video! Felt like you cared more about helping the environment, world and other people than just making money! :)
I'm more impressed that kid has $20
They actually found a cure for aids
Theres a frog that can live thier whole life without drinking a single sip of water get your facts right mark
What about that 00.0001 percent of bacteria
"*hmmm i wanna know why we should help poor countries*
How about...






Lets get bill gates to answer it"
I'm so glad I found this channel!
Bill gates should honestly run for president lmao
THIS HOW WE DO IT
interesting boast but alright
Ahhh, mah heart is mushy. Wha da heck
Hey  you  below  me  watch  your  mouth
Allow me to take 3 hours to subscribe to you on my 126 alts
"""Where's my 20 bucks Rainy?""
""Mommy~""
What about tardigrades
Das sum hi quality h2o
i want to buy this packet how can i get it
Give someone a stepping stone and they will give you a stepping stone.
I didn't know he made 12 videos a year I'm sad now
shrek wants to know your location
What kind of 10 year old just has $20 to blow like that?
you are a great inspiration of mine to be an engineer, Keep up the good work!!!
Mark, I Love your vids, they suprise me everytime. I also love that you didn't say anything about Bill Gates in the title, becuase so many YTuber's would have been like "TALKING TO BILL GATES ABOUT WATER STUFF"
damn there's someone wholesome on youtube for once :)
Uses plague inc
"Bill Gates tells about helping small countries.
Also Bill Gates: Net worth 96 billion$
Has a greater net worth than 122 countries of the world."
LOL BILL GATES HIMSELF.
The military where I live have used something exactly similar since the early 1950 if not late 1940.
"puts chlorine in water 
Guys this is harmless to drink


That's not how it works."
Why did 2.8k people dislike this amazing inspiring video?
1:07 SCP-682 [NEUTRALIZED]
">One of the richest men in the world
>Has La Croix in his fridge"
Still makes more videos than ceeday
Well said Mark and Bill!! Keep making amazing videos!!!
8:30 I see what you did there
"whos the smartest person that ever lived?

-einstien
-einstien
-einstien
-einstien
-einstien
-einstien
-mark rober"
Love the selfish reasons
2:31 water boy reference
THAT WATER CLEANER IS A BRAZILIAN PRODUCT YAY SO PROUD OF MY COUNTRY :)
Next project Spider-man web shooters!
Does it also Filtering heavy metals out of the water? If yes, that would be the perfect solution for our project! We are a group of students in Germany trying to figure out how to get lead and or bacteria out of the Water in argentinia. They have the problem with leadpipes in the watersystem, so everyone Drinks Water with an increased amount lead in it. We are trying to find a Good but cheap product, who everyone could afford. And this looks amazing!
Shaggy cries and the pacific ocean was created
I Just entered because of the (to save the world) pretty atractive title :p
thats nothing ,   Crime Family Mob Boss Nancy Pelosi would eat her way thru the Shawshank Redemption Andy Dufresne sewer pipe 3 times a day to keep Trump from draining the swamp of corruption she and her crooked chronies love and helped build...
They should put this in ponds and stuff
but arent chlorine  bad for health ?
Wasn't there an Asian guy who cleaned his nearby lake with something similiar? And apparently he created it on his own
You made me look at Bill Gates.  eeew
Nestle has left the game
Bruh I love pizza rolls too
My dude you're supposed to purify the water before drinking it my dude
"Please up vote so he sees this! 
That's why I love Bill Gates. He understands how capitalism works.
Did Bill drink the Water after the powder?
Isn't chlorine like Clorox
Ayyy I'm from Vietnam
Sippin' on straight chlorine
"You are a genuinley nice guy, and make great videos.

Kudos man"
Bill is everywhere on youtube these days.
You got to meet Bill Gates!  That's awesome!!
The coolest scientists ever!
well this is are great youtubers.   Compare this to a Logan Paul's video.  L.P makes videos for 10YO
super dead opossum
Just drop a ton of that powder in the ocean and voila
You had me convinced at "That's some high quality H2O."
LAST SEQUENCE MADE ME CRY
I love how Microsoft and Nintendo are friends now!
Could this work for salt water??
That powder should be for free
Wow this is leaking awesome
I appreciate you used Bai5 bottles.
This dude just had Bill Gates in his video and he didn't put it in the title or thumbnail. Respect to him.
How does his videos get disliked?
I dont care if its drinkable its still nasty and weird
Is it okay for me to literally love Mark
Where are the adds? I was on addtube right? Uhh YouTube....
Flint wants your location
2:35 Mommy hahahahahahhahahahahaha
The real question is WHY DIDNT YOU JUST THROW HELLA POWDER IN THE WATER
8:33 - Why are these countries still "developing" at this point in time?
Trend crave music
Who is disliking this??
Wish I met bill gates...
You make a Go pro fly
This is amazing


Jake Paul meets Bill gates; title:
OMG I met Bill gates at 3am! (Gone sexual) Police called! Shrek showed up and ate my house! OMG ( Must watch!)"
OMG that Bill Gates
Overdose on drugs so people Dont overdose #savingtheworld
Like you said flint in Michigan also has that problem of non drinkable water
about half way through this vid Microsoft pushed a update to my computer :(
"1:18


Mark: FETCH ME DIRTY WATER, PEASANTS"
9:47 LOL!!!!!!!
My kids would have been poking that dead possum with sticks instead of collecting water samples
Imagine having Bill Gates in your video and not using him in the thumbnail.
who was inspired and also didnt understand half of the thing mark or bill gates said
ProleteR!
If this guy spent just an hour with Bill Gates then in that time bill gates made 1.38 million...... Jesus
mark robber im so proud of u rn
this is cool material
Can you upload daily
Tell bill me him got beef till he unban me from xbox..
You are amazing! Thank you for doing what you do
You didn't even clickbair bill gates, very cool
georg washington  carver and the  peanuts he was born a slave and look at what he became.
"To get ad revenue






Jk this guy is pretty cool"
""" Alright , wheres my 20 bucks rainy ? "" 
"" Mommy ... "" 
"So.... hes basically taken pool-care and made a packet for teeny tiny handheld pools (water bottles lol)? Because those ar eliterally the steps I use to open my pool after its been shut down all winter. Coagulant/flocculant to drop out particles (which you stir by running the filter), and then shocking chlorine to sanitize. 

To think weve been doing this for so long and its only just now gone from something recreational to something practical.  Its really amazing though. 

I wonder if it would work well for places with poor water treatment even here in the US or pipe issues like all that lead and stuff theyre finding thats making peoples tap water brown and nasty."
That stuff would be terrible if it got into sensitive water environments. I naive wrong though.
k idk why...
Stop foreign aid. It's outrageous that we give billions to fix Pakistan potholes and pay for them to have more babies born in to poverty. People in the West can't afford one baby yet, in the Middle East, we are sending foreign aid to people that have 4,5,6 babies!!
I would even install windows 10 next because of this video
It looks like the stuff they put in my swimming pool when the ducks moved in and turned it into a breeding ground for mosquitoes.
I really dislike kids
laughs"
Bill finally came out the gates
Got Bill Gates in a video and didnt even have to put it in the title damn
What is the song at 9:00
Love, love, love this!! Mark Rober, Kurzgesagt, and CGP Grey: Top 3 logical, good youtubers. Keep it up!! <3
I kindof love Bill Gates's drink fridge...
ONLY 12 bro your missing out on money
"richest man on planet earth
oopsie"
Holy moly, I never expected Bill Gates to be in the video.. I'm so shocked!!
"3:43 i have that exact same desk

idk how it's relevant but i got it for $20

that's not relevant either"
Saw a Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation ad a couple days ago for the first time, I  admire this guy
DRINK THE SWAMP
people who disliked this video are the people who didn't receive the packets yet
Really dark magic
Love from INDIA  :)
That's some high quality h2o right there
What about chemical contamination of water? A lot of muddy water isn't simply contaminated with bacteria and viruses! Great video
Bill gates is the evilman he killed Steve Jobs! I telling you the truth!
can you measure the particle in suspension with a TDS meter for us please? also pH and oxidation nr . may be a specialized laboratory test;thank you! i see the price on amazon ,85cent/pack;is this the real price of product?
Fair enough
Telling people about disease, then putting in a clip of a video game (Plague Inc.) lol
Why were someone dislike
Twelve videos a year, I think not what happened to the January video.
IF YOU HAVEN'T SUBSCRIBED TO THE BEST YOUTUBER IN THE WORLD, MARK ROBER, YOU HAVE TO DO SO.
I love Mark Rober and this channel.
Will it work on flints leads problemo?
hi, can we use it in rivers? will it effect aquatic life? please do reply
8:06 WTF
WHAT ARE YE DOIN' WITH ME WATER SUPPLY?
Never fail to make an amazing video. As a young aspiring Engineer I enjoy learning and watching the videos you great.
Putts bill gates in his video then puts a mobile gamer that is free to show how fast disease spreads
Biil gates: Let's not forget Nintendo
Everyone's complaining about the chlorine lol. Which would you rather drink, water with a safe amount of chlorine, or water with bacteria that could get you very sick or kill you and lots of dirt? Ik which one I'd pick.
chlorine in your water? is that safe? I'm sure it's safer than the bacteria, but still...
Has anyone noticed he always uses the same music at 1:26 and at 5:36. They are very good.
* casually gives pizza rolls *
How long has it been?
Not only did the richest man in the world create Microsoft the whole line of other products such as Xbox and windows but this Savage ate a pizza roll straight out the oven
What if you emptied a gigantic packet into a muddy pond or lake lol.
Lovely video, and a phenomenal product.  I feel more arguments for good causes need to have a "selfish reason" section.
"man, I'm honored that I know you exist.
thank you for all the hard work you do, all crazy stuff that you create and at last for showing this near magic technology."
Im against child labor.
if your on  earth what goes around comes around , 1st world problems are in 3rd worlds solutions: food crisis/costs,global warming/pollution/ozone deplition, saving biodiversity/ecosystems,wars/terrorism,diseases,oceans,over population/immigration,natural resources/prices,commerce/trade.etc etc.  were all living in this giant bubble until we have another planet to go to all life depends on our choices/consequences as humanity. we dont want earth to be after billions of years another venus.
1:11 -  2:06 Is that AFROMAN?!
3:20 does HIV kill that many people anyways?
Thank you for this video, I believe there must be some Einstein level genius in developing countries. But they just don't get the opportunity to exploit their ability.
I have watched all your vids since the beginning and love your channel, Mark. Please consider subscribing to my channel!!!
"puts nothing about bill gates in title or vid

is in the vid

you just won a like"
I hope the man that invented this getting paid the big bucks.
Oh boy that girl betting 20$... Then calling on her mom to settle her debt..... That is what's wrong with this world
Bill gates is one of my role models, but sadly, it is second-richest man in the world now... :( 5:51
Now u got parasites
The 'Pandemics' of the future will be designed/altered in laboratories and will be released into the World as part of the Population Reduction agenda. Mark my words.
what about bacteria
That one kid wearing Crocs instead of boots got the short end of the deal
Afroman background music
who would even dislike this ?
then why USA blocking Huawei and their 5G.
Your videos are awesome but this one is the best. Very good thoughts.
The smartest person was Nikola Tesla
How do i like a video twice?
Cut you buy any chance over engineer a way to secure packages on arrival like "place it here and wup its gon" thing. Prety Please
U should get on a project with YesTheory
Bill Gates is one of my favourite people on Earth. Hes rich as all hell yet he wears regular clothing and eats 2$ burgers. Hes so humble even while being in the top 3 richest people on this planet.
This is one of my favorite recently discovered channels!
Cleaning the water was really cool. I bet it could be used to save animals and people.
this is how I get good ideas :)
8:23 is that plague inc.?
I can't believe Bill Gates visited you
The idea that the kid her mommy had to pay $20 is hilarious.
08:52 bill saying nintendo through his teeth lol
"Firstly... You, Mark, are Excellent!  I have used your Scientific Method video in all of my HS Bio classes for YEARS....  You are consistently and incredibly informative, in a down-to-earth and entertaining way.
The guy made Xbox and your telling him about Nintendo smh
Great video.  Great product and pretty cool Bill Gates took time to participate.  Great that you did not use Mr Gates name to increase your clicks
Publicizes life-saving product. Talks to inventor and scientist of said product. Travels across the country to talk with Bill Gates without using his name and description and only lets him talk for 15 seconds in video. = Boss
U r awesome dude
What happens if you put 1000 packets of this powder into a dirty river?
"Swamp water from a aligator ali-aligator aligator ali-aligator ......


This was a great video btw I loved what your doing <3"
this duee just made a video with Bill Gates and didn't even put him on the thumbnail, I love this so much
My comment will never be pinned
Give this man a Nobel prize!
Sounds good Mark! Should pitch the idea to Federal Reserve, IMF and the Worldbank. I`m pretty sure the Rotschilds, Morgans and Rockerfellars will be happy to help out!
"Typical popular youtuber video title:
BILL GATES DRINKING SWAMP WATER - SEE WHAT HAPPENED (GONE SEXUAL)

Mark Robbers' video title:
DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER (to save the world)

man i love you <3"
You are amazing dude! Keep beeing you!
Steve Jobs left the chat
Next time try to do a video about global warming, the thing we know but ignore out of fear; The thing that will most likely end the human race.
This water will kill you .... jump in and get me some kids
I think shrek is crying
He said dat money
Your the new Bill Nye!
i just love all your video's, so nice to see something positive and proactive, showing that life is a wonderful thing and there is so much beauty in this world,instead of all the doom and gloom that seems to dominate alot on you tube
"7:31 That's not an accurate description of what's happening ... it's more accurate to say 
He is giving a man a fish until the man figures out how to give himself fish."
Yeeet
Yes it's up to are rich to do charity not taxing the poor to pay for the other poor
Is a  d i r t y  job if you ask me
Bill Gates 2020
For the Ebola thing he use the game plage inc evolved
My absolute favorite YouTube channel... you, sir, have the perfect amount of class, plenty of charisma, and an abundance of intellect. Keep bringing us this amazing content!
8.28 is him just playing plague inc
ho2= water lol
8.28 is him just playing plague inc
8.28 is him just playing plague inc
And that 0.0001% of bacteria can kill you.. lmao
"give a homeless man a match and he can stay warm for, 1 minute, a day tops if he also has kindling and wood. However if you light a homeless man on fire he is warm for the rest of his life. 

Make sure the homeless are warm this winter"
5:36 music?
Considering the millions of preventable deaths that occur every year, this is amazing technology. I would like to know how to help get these into the hands of people that need them.
"8:28 

Bruh plague inc"
this guy earn my respect!!
a nice vid on my birthday
Mark, try another music set next time eh?
5:51 2nd richest man on Earth,1st is my man Jeff Bezos
Its called alum go to school
Is mark upset about the space rover
Water from swamp is actually very clean even tho there is some dirt in those bottles
How's chlorine taste?
two legends in one video
What about overpopulation though?
It's such a diffrence between millenials and Gates generation. I really think our generation is going to collapse when the babyboomers dies off.
did they just really show plauge inc?
3:19 HIV & AIDS is the same thing my dude
I think it's a better idea to boil the water before drinking it just incase
not every living thing needs water, my pet rock doesnt
"bill gates !!!!! whhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat ??????????????????????????
fgvasdhvsdjcvJHVFWEHVAWEHF"
This isn't just worth watching, this is worth sharing. Thank you.
i love your vids you are such an insparation for me
06:22 mark trying not to laugh
8:26 Plague Inc. lol
Did you ask if he was trying to buy a country
WHO PUTS A DISLIKE ON VIDEO LIKE THIS? TERORISTS? Ones that wish world will end? Who else?
If I had money I would buy the entire stock of the powder and use it to clean as much as possible
You're honestly the man! This was awesome and humble!
How do you feel about the mars rover's death
Hooray overpopulation
Uhh, no thanks. I've lost faith in Bill Gates.
weird how bill gates donates 4.6 billion dollars right after this video :o to an undisclosed source
"Every time I watch one of your videos like this I want to do something good with my life more and more
When I'm older anyway"
how did Philip not win a nobel prize?
no one judge me but i thought bill gates died
Wow, I was not expecting a guest of that profile. Awesome.  I like Mr. Gates.
love that you did not used thumbnail (met bill gates) respect sir
I have watched you videos since you were at 20k and this may be the best video yet. Maybe....
I had trash can nachos, but it was from the actual trash cans behind the Tropicana. I was out of work for some time.The best dumpster food is at the dock of the Belligio, but you have to sneak in when no one is looking. You could get compacted too, as it is a compactor. They throw away a lot of good food.
12 videos a year!!!!!?????
"Where can you buy that powder? We have a giant muddy pond.

BTW Bill Gates can buy a country."
I like how ur videos dont have ads. And yea bill freaking gates.
Who gives this a thumbs down?!
Ellon musk has left the chat
me i would like to buy some thig bag :)
You are such an insipiration and i thank you for that. I hope one day i get introduced in the Physics world with the educations i plan on following.
That was plastic straw?
Well water wont be avaliable for everyone for long if you let Nestle and other companies drain your ground water supply.
Did you clean those windows?
i respect you for not putting bill on the thumbnail
Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk. All of them looked at this world different. And did something about it
"bro why arent you more exited you met freaking BILL GATES!!! and the cure for hiv has been found by southpark, inject 130000 concentrated dollars in your blood.


nha man jk but honestly i love this concept. i dont usually support charity's because or i dont trust it or i dont like to spend my money on it but this one, i love it. AND BILL GATES DUDE!!!!!"
Gets a thumbs up just for the "Wheres my 20 bucks" "MOMMY" xD Gonna watch the rest now :D
Genius! This video gave me hopes :D
Hi Mark i wanted to tell you that i think you are among the most qualified youtubers out here to be able to build a robot capable of slapping a chicken until it's cooked so plz call on the NASA gang and sort it out for the rest of us please
Bill gates is pretty wise
"8:33
Not plague inc at all"
How are you going to save the world by drinking water it do ain't shaitt
Good job dude!
Much respect for you mark"
This guy is better than bill nye
Was that safe to drink? I cringed
You can last even shorter without air :P So plat threes be happy :)
3:18 Isn't HIV and Aids the same thing?
"You didnt save the world...




You used a straw"
USE GLOVES
imagine meeting bill gates and not mentioning it in the title just for views... ive subbed for that reason.
communists and jews control the media and the world and this video sponsors it and hides it well enough for idiots like you to continue the cycle and ruin the world, glad i'm not going to live forever
11:36 Woah Woah Woah Woah
Mark you probably wont see this but i will try anyways our school has assigned us an assignment to build the best solar car for our stem project this year i was wondering if you make a video about how to make the best solar car thank you
12 minutes.... Just to drink one bottle of water
THERE YOUTUBE I FINALLY WATCHED YOUR RECOMMENDATION!!!
Lol now we drink this dirt water and mine is filtered while bill gates not hahahahahha
"i hate my life
I love you <3"
This video is now #50 on trending, it should get #1. definitely a super admirable message that will hopefully change the world for the better
Some high quality H2O right there XD
11:18 Waitt.. Did he just call bill "Bro"...?
Wholesome
peaple dislike this vid is the maker of branded waters
i was looking at the wrong bottle for the whole time
This is the first time I've heard Bill Gates talk...
I need you and your channel to keep my intrest not bored
BILL GATES AND PLAGUE INC.YEEEEEEEEEEEEEETTTT
This needs to be #1tending
Saveing the water or saving water for us to drink?
I can purify water by shouting PURIFICATION
Bringing other countries out of poverty, might actually get these phone number spoofing criminal scammers from calling all hours of the day and night.
you forget the story when you give a mouse a cookie js
SIPPING ON STRAIGHT CHLORINE ||-//
i love your context mark , all love and the wish you the best good luck
">they're so big, they get slightly more dense than the water

lol"
"Wow wow wow, I'm gonna stop you right there !
What do you think gives you the right to make me regain faith in humanity huh ?"
So you didn't drink it?
Best video of the year
Who tf disliked this?
Everything except ghouls from fallout
Anybody notice the water boy reference
Fun Fact: 6:43 when Bill Gates waited 5 minutes for the water to get completely cleaned, he earned more than $100 thousand dollars!
Simply awesome and inspirational.
Anyone else thought he looked like fouseytube from the thumbnail?
Wait he makes a video monthly is my ear having internal problems?
this video is too short. I want to see Bill drinking that nasty muddy water!
1:25 let the children do the dirty work
12 quality vids a year better then 100 ok vids a year
What was that all about " Bill Gates the legend , eater of pizza rolls " ? What , he is not supose to eat pizza rolls because he is Bill Gates ?
What's the substance called? I didn't catch it. DAMN, WHY IT'S NOT MENTIONED? I'm really confused, doesn't it have name yet?
"cough zombie deer disease cough






Nice!
WOW...BILL GATES...i would love to kiss this mans feet and u managed to get his time
Nice Video...... From Mozambique
What if we put this powder into the sewers?
And got poor
India was the richest country because of corruption we lost our money
"The 0.0001 of bacteria be like.
HEHEHEHEHE"
i thought he was just gonna drink the swamp stuff straight up like the thumbnail subtly suggests.
Eating less meat is gonna save much much more water than this
Does anyone know where we can buy it from Thailand or Asian countries?
Thank you so much for making this video. I like all your videos but love how you make sure at least once a year to put an impactful video that isn't just about fun and exploring.
Who else got really thirsty watching this video?
Make this part of the Green New Deal. Then drain the swamp in Washington.
"Bruh you are a legend, you care about what matters and I reckon u only think of money as a tool not an objective. To meet Bill Gates and not put it in the title is something I thought I would never have seen. Very informative / inspiring vid btw.
eh how dose it nuralize micro organizoms. specificly hazordus and extreamly resistent organisems? aka the micro organisems that are so hazordus that barr distilation is un killabell.. no to metion if most die sum servive... my point that without advanced explanation.. i wont trust a powder over actual seperation of contaminents well sanitising it in a percentage at 100% bar significant ecceptions.... i am only asking.... becouse ive seen ways chemicals can fail in major ways... this being un explaind to me makes it cabable of ecceding my informations limits... aka wether or not its bound to the other chemical sanitation restrictions.....
12 videos at yearr whatt!!!
So this video was technically sponsored by bill gates?
Is there no consequence drinking the chlorine in the water? I understand it's better than to drink real dirt water, but isn't chlorine also supposed to be filtered?
I 6:22
l o v e      d i c k s
This is a great video. Untapped human potential, helping our fellow brothers and sisters. 2019 is looking good.
amazing
Who dares to dislike this video?
Teach the man to fish
+1, big respect to you for doing this! I feel inspired! Thank you.
If you do t want it to spread to richer countries than do worry about spending DNA points on drug resistance
were going to skip the fact he bamboozled a kid of 20 bucks???
Rip that opossum tho
8:25 proceeds to show plauge inc gameplay
Dirt magic
"Who is the smartest person in the world?

My response would have been

""i am not sure as intelligence is defined differently by each individual, I do know the most famous intellect in the world was Albert Einstein however statistically it is unlikely he was even the smartest man of his own time as there were around 4 billion humans alive in 1980 and that's not even mentioning the humans that came before him that went unnoticed, be they just not written about or their achievements stolen. 

Im am not sure who the smartest human was, I'm unsure who the smartest human is and i will never be able to predict who the smartest human will be, the world like human ingenuity itself  is always moving forward, the most i can say is that i consider the Laziest human on earth to be the most intelligent as without the inborn trait of sloth humans would not have invented many of our modern conveniences, Cars as to not walk ""Horses or bikes if you want to point out cars were toys for the rich"" Microwaves to not cook, We train dogs to find our pray for us, and have stairs and metal boxes that move us up and down large contained glass and steel structured that are heated to our liking, humans have learned how to bend the world to our will because we were to lazy to be bent to its will, humans are amazing.

I suppose that i am tired as i only go all philosophical when i need sleep, well regardless if you bothered to read this i do hope you enjoyed my odd world view and have a wonderful rest of your  insert relative time here :)"
Can you make catgirls?
I know you love ughh....
I'd still not drink the water! LOL
Shrek: WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY SWAMP!
shout out to you for not name dropping in the title.
So cause it looks clean its clean? You know parasites and other microbes are optically invisble?
The mud dropped like ninjas sub count
Jeff bezos is the richest man on planet earth, to be fair.
bill gates should fix minecraft first
he should fix minecraft first
"asks lil girl for 20 bucks





makes 4.3k bucks from the video"
How is this 45 on trending it needs to be number 1 on trending
Does it work with salt water?
look like zac efron
Just use OxiClean
Can you clean a coke with that??
amazing
I wish I had access to the sewers
How come you didn't talk more about the powder and what the name of it is and where can you get it?
what time in the video he drinks the water
1:05, I swear that sounds like "crazy rap" (colt 45) by afroman. i wrong?
we can make our own water. hydrogen in our blood + oxygen in the air. breatharianism. prana.
try it on salt water
9:39 the vilna gaon
Big Bang theme Intensifies
Becareful, he's a hero
"2:20

Mark: Alright, where's my $20 bucks Randy? 

Kid: Mommy... 

If you think about it hes just gonna pee that out and that goes to the ocean or lake
it will be a sad sad day when bill gates is no longer with us
Such a powerful moment in history. More impactful than anything Einstein left behind. So far anyway.
casually gets Bill Gates in his video
"11:19
Bill Gates-can i eat some more"
Dis man meet Bill Gates, gah damn
You forgot anime
YOU ARE SUCH AN INSPIRATION, my dad actually works at JPL, and you have inspired me to go become a mechanical engineer, i hope some day i can meet you! Your videos are super cool! I look up to you and what you do so much!
Wait a minute, but that means were drinking chlorinated water? yeah.... need some improvements.
I think everyone should subscribe just out of the respect
I haven't drunk water for a week
If he asked me what I'd give him if he drank it I would just say "content".
Had me on the first half. Nah to Bill Gates.
What the phuk whapped to the water
"> takes kids to the swamps
> puts some white powder into drink"
This is an amazing PSA (and innovation) !
Pretty much what water clarifying liquid to clear up swimming pools and aquariums does but without the chlorine
Distillation is cheaper
Is the powder toxic ?
Met bill gates and didn't put him in the thumbnail? Startint to become my favorite youtuber.
How could you possibly dislike this
Legend. Well done
Don't use "magic" when talking about science. Arthur C. Clarke is rolling in his grave.
I thought the amazon guy was the richest?
why tf do you only make 12 vids a year?
What if a attack u sent was a plane full of diseased passengers and then spread the disease to your enemy killing all the citizens therefore meaning less soldiers therefore making it easier for war. What a smart plan. Only if the world was still full of a bunch of dickheads
So did you ask Bill if he watches hentai or does he play on play station
This process happens in every sewage treatment plant in the world. What this group is doing is still very helpful, not taking anything away from them, but this is not something new. By the way sedimentation is the process of the large particles sinking to the bottom, simply put. And yes I did see the note at 4:37 but he didn't discover coagulation and the other processes either in their order, a more intense procedure with many more steps undergoes in every sewage treatment plant. This is the process simplified, the water you drank appeared pure, but would not be accepted as clean water by any laws. I've seen this process in real life and that 'pure' water with the sediment at the bottom is one of the first steps and is actually quite dirty. Do not try this at home unless you lack the access to water. Good luck, I love this Earth!
Here's an idea... Try diving a car on a pool of non Newtonian liquid and try reaching the other end without sinking
STOP DRINKIN ME SWAMP
Japanese minds have never helped the world
Heat it up and filter it and do dat 3 times and it shud be clean to dring and pray fore it il be clean to drink
HAS ANYONE THOUGHT IN USING THAT P&G THING IN SALTY WATER
To do bien
To those who knew of his son, William James Sidis was quite possibly the smartest man who ever lived. Born in Boston in 1898, William James Sidis made the headlines in the early 20th century as a child prodigy with an amazing intellect. His IQ was estimated to be 50 to 100 points higher than Albert Einstein's.Jan 23, 2011 from google
"unspeakable.......man you are doing the unspeakable








now subscribe bish"
Does it work on Pee?
you dont even put ads on your videos, legend
Can you give me contact of this guy ?
"""Why are you home so late?""

Eh, Just got back from Bill Gates office. Nothing special"
I know you love ahhhh....
If respect is a more valuable resource than money then Mark is one of the wealthiest people on the planet.
I am very interested to try this product (where). Your video will inspire a lot of students! Thank you!
I love you
8:28 im not judging you, but thats fro a game>
Love how every video is not only about Science, but theres also a lesson to learn
Great video man. Well said. Beautiful to watch.
awesome channel
how would that feel to know that you had saved millions of lives? like thats an incomprehensible number, i dont have a million of anything, i dont even know what a million grains of sand would look like. but thats people saved...
Respect! Thanks for the inspiration Mr Rober.
the problem is we help these countries and they claim "its not enough", demanding more and more but use that money for weapons and nothing gets done
Hey Mark, I visited the Johnson Space Center for Boy Scouts in Houston!
2:07 glitch
"Something I'm wondering about that powder though is what happens to the chlorine left over in the water? Are you drinking chlorinated water or is it chemically altered at the end of the process?


Oh and by the way, amazing video as always Mark!"
Did you take that 20 bucks?
I wish everyone thought like you
Bill Gates is the producer of Microsoft
13,238th
Your Rover is shut down
We are using alum to purify water and filter to filter out coagulated particle  since decades and we had no problems with it .so we don't require this powder by the way is that powder eco friendly product

Jeff Bezos: Am I a joke to you?"
you just saved the worled bro omg

James sidis was the smartest guy with an iq of 300"
I can live 3 days without water ._.
Ur a cool dude virtual fist bump
"This only works on solid contaminates. It may not remove mercury, other liquid substances, or dissolved poisonous chemicals.

The resultant water may still be unsafe to consume."
I have a parasite
All 4 kids mistake magic powder for coke
Hi guys i just Made my first video, i don't want you to subscribe, just your feedback. Thank! Very much apreciated!!
i think we have enough humans in the world, too much in fact,
how tf u talk to bill gates
"I thought rich people eat pure golden Steaks, but they eat burgers.
Not only that is the developing countries have untapped brain power, but people raised in different cultures, background, and societies look at problems differently.  Helping the developing countries also forces us to look at things we didn't think we need to improve on in some way and figure it out.
Where do you sign up to see Bill Gates?
I'm so glad I share a last name with Bill Gates. He's an excellent man.
Wait how did you get to meet Bill Gates
The fact that people disliked this video is so sad...
Just casually talking with Bill Gates
If I were the Ritchie's man on Earth I would get LOTS of food
Jeff Bezos is the richest
"Good topic & video! 


but the thing that (imo) will never change is...

There will always be a balance of ""rich"" and ""poor"", because some people are always willing to work harder than others to make themselves ""richer"" than others, and when the basic life threatening things have been eradicated in developing countries, they will still be left behind as other more advanced countries would have moved on more, and other non - essential things right now would become essential in the future, and developing countries will (usually) always be left behind.


Welcome to a place we call home, were balance could never be achieved."
Foreign aid is not good it just supplements the status quo and does nothing to change the situation
You are a beautiful man; thanks, I sent you great vibes
Who the heck downvoted this video? What is wrong with you guys
"Gates as a guest and one of the most amazing inventions in the world with a word from the inventor and sweet graphics to go with the explanation?
Dude! Thank you! This is truly amazing and the kind of video that NEEDS to become a trending sensation, because it inspires! THANK YOU!"
Mark Rober is a flippin legend. What a guy. I really love this video
Climate change video soon?
How is it saving the world
did you assume my wealth?
Wait you actually meet him wtf
wth!!! bill gates
the smartest known human being was a person named William James Sidis, and his IQ was somewhere around 300, that's difficult to beat
This is just amazing
Drinks dirt
Such a legend this man is just casually exchanging words with one of the most accomplished man on earth #MadRespect
Yeah help them but what if they turn on us take a look at all angles so we can help them but we also need to develop faster
Puts straw in chokes- well put it in to far and swallowed dirt
There is a straw that can do the same thing right but thta is a cool thing and this is a cool video and I'm not hating on the video
he fr went to bill gates, what a guy!
3:39 he got us
Did he actually show a clip of plaque inc?
This is why I like bill gates and support him by purchasing Microsoft software because he helps out so much in the name of humanity and he is a really great role model to inspire millions of children
I would've said my man, father of physics and calculus, whose three laws stand to this day, Sir Issac Newton.
What if you dumped this into a dirty ocean, then a convient earth quake happens in the ocean and the water is cleansed
"The way you put science and our daily lives together, and also humanitarian projects, it's truly inspiring and I hope someday I can inspire someone as you inspire me in each of your videos.
Keep up the awesome work you do!"
Faking videos eh
x1,000,000 respect if my man gates took a drink
You love what Bill Gates?
A really good marketing idea would be to put them in survival kits
Make videos more often
here at 4.20M views xdd
mark:i said thy would be in a video but i dident tell them what it was about three of the kids are wearing boots
RIP Possum
I started this video why I was filling up a water from my faucet
Rick
Proctor and Gamble? *insert Gillette related joke*
I'm not the only one who knows he got that clip from plague inc. Right
Nikolai Tesla, though he would say that I could easily find someone smarter than him
I love your channel.
The background music is a classic Hong Kong song about students.
"You didn't even put bill gates in thumbnail or title 
Well that was a AMAZZING.."
That works because of the perpendicularity of the photosynthesis dude to the bisector intersecting with the quantum curriculum going into the quadratic formula and polynomials saying "sub to Mark Rober"
do that in coke
7:37, dude, you ate to many burgers and fries
[Bill Gates has entered the chat]
09:30
WHY IS THAT ISIS MORONO SHOOTING UP THE BULLET IS GONNA CRASH DOWN AND KILL THEM
Amazing that you can drink that water after all the impurities.  Send this to Flint!!!
Americans, their so wasteful...
I believe Isaac Newton was smarter than Albert Einstein.
06:22 ...secretly in his mind...places this just below the Windows 95 USB crash regarding most regrettable moments...
Hey bill gates I really like your xbox1 s thanks
Why are people dislike this video this is very important
Soooooo what happens if you put this in blood?
This whole time I was thinking of Wall-E and then you brought up a little 3 second clip of it. I couldn't stop smiling.
I know who the intelligence person is Tesla not the car brand
Does it work on salt/ sea water?
He... is...talking to Bill Gates like he's talking to his best friend about fortnite, Dang
The big question tho, did Bill Gates drink the swamp water with you?
You know bill gates

-Next video can you randomly show up at his house?"
8:24 hey look its plague inc.
i thought chlorine is bad for the kidneys
Im actually eating pizza rolls right now the type is combination
Are you sad that opportunity died and did you help design anything on it
Where is the 0.00001% of bacteria?
I love your video!
We also get to pillage developing nations for their natural resources in the process. Anyway, interesting video.
12 VIDEOS A YEAR
can't you already do this with Moringa oleifera seeds?
I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese I smell like cheese
"Wtf are these videos





They are so inspiring!!!!"
having him as him as a dad or uncle must be fun
What happens to your son like so he sees it
Having had kidney stones from not drinking enough water at 22, I started drinking a lot of water. the past 6.5 years I average around 3-4 liters a day. (I also live at 5280ft above sea level) but I'm now addicted and can't leave the house without at least a 1L nalgene. and need a 2L if I hike.
I saw it in a documentary about bad water
lmao the tallest kid was not ready and brought the wrong shoes.
Bill Gates for 2020!
I am blessed to be born in America with access to clean water. USA!
The only problem I have is that a Japanese guy invented something very similar to clean lakes around Japan and other places in Asia. I really do wonder what is the difference and why this is more well-known then what the Japanese guy made ( his is also edible to the point you can just eat the powder itself, and it's made out of food)
Love your content. Just wish you uploaded more. Like 2 a month or something. I know it takes a crap ton of time and work to make your kind of vids but I would love to see an increase in videos.
AHem did you get permission from Shrek drink his swamp water
ahh yes, that's something poor countries definitely need. More people.
Man that guy looks like ben shapiro
Why tf does bill gates have red bull in this fridge
Bill gates totally wants to help his sweatshop workers, way to go bill.
"If there are more youtubers like this, the youtube will be a better place. 
I love the selfish reasons on why rich countries should help out the developing countries. It makes total sense."
12 videos a year
"""They sell this packets at a loss""
well,.... it's P&G.
they should be losing a lot more than that."
DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER (to stop t-series)
When you get demonitized for putting a 5 second clip of a terroristic group
"You could make a video each month 
Man bill is looking old
Bill Gates is right.
Please help pewds stay ontop, you have a totally different sub base
Well done Mark
Great video!  I've been telling my friends this concept for many years.  Now, I can send them a link! ;-)
layer of sand and charcoal does the same thing.
YOU CAN ACTUALLY DRINK CHLORINE NOW TYLER!!!!!!
12 vids per year wtf how does this guy have so many subs what!
10yrs later...chlorene poisoning
HE SAID INDONESIA WHO IS INDONESIAN HERE
Bill gates is great he can tell a problem out in a couple of minutes and then he can find a way to fix it just as fast
I love this video, thank you so much for sharing this content with the whole world.
What is the powder called
Did it remove fluoride out from it?
I wish u could be my science teacher.
This is the type of influencers we should show more of on YouTube. Not some random 20 year olds yelling at a camera telling 12 year olds to 'dab on the haters'.
come to finland and drink the swamps please
you know that is a game.... 8:25
Thanks for posting your video. As always thanks for sharing the information about the world's problems. Now to read the info on the gates newsletter.I did find the link you provided to the P&G website.
8:27 I think I'm just goin' to watch Plague Inc. Let's Plays
Im sowing this to my science teacher. Lol
I volunteered packing food for 3rd world areas, we sent strips of this with the food so they could clean the water to make the food...mostly rice and vitamins.
It makes me so happy how generous and intelligent Bill Gates is.
that stuff is a miracle, wow, but what happens to the stuff at the bottom? I mean do you just pour it out anywhere?
4:53 nobody used this in Turkey. Nobody need this in Turkey. We have clean drinkable tap water all over the country( maybe except istanbul). if they don't want to drink tap water, there are companies supplying clean water in every city of the country and everyone can reach them. Don't be silly to do advertising. Fix your map.
Isn't Jeff bezos the richest person
06:19
I think that a lot of people, especially higher up, in these first world nations, are totally aware of the benefits. I just think that they tend to be overmotivated by their own short-term greed and hardened ideological stances when it comes to anything, and especially the economy. They understand that tons of people are dying every day, they understand that we need a viable alternative to gas power, they understand that we need better public transportation and all of that stuff. You could bring up anything. The problem is that, for thousands of years, the way we've done things is by going down the fastest route possible. We don't want to invest a relatively small amount of money into a developing country to see it take off in two generations, we want to see it take off now. As humans, our almost universal and sole motivating factor will always be results. You can't show results to a corpse. Nobody cares what happens after they die, deep down, and so they will spend billions of dollars making sure that they don't and that their voters don't. We have continuously fought the only losing battle we possibly ever could have. Or most of us have. At least we have bill gates and mark rober, and anyone else who cared about the other guy.
3:00 what about tardigrades?
2:00 She's good at that. Lol i might get hate on that joke but eh
Mans makes bill gates some pizza rolls like lol
Crazy the "richest man" in the world doesnt even know about this. bs
bill gates is a satanist
exept silicon and heat based life...
Of course goyam!!!! Sponsor at the end. Bill and milida gates........
I love your videos. But bill gates is a scumbag.
casually meets bill gates
umm i dont want to be that guy or anything aren't we going to talk about that little girls shaking technique 2:00
How is this saving the world the world is 78% water
Solomon was the wisest man to ever live.(other than Jesus) He asked God for wisdom and that's what he got.
great video mark, you really are a great person and Im glad you use your social influence and power to make the world a better place. thank you (sincerely)
Lol , the background song 1:05 - 2:08
I thought i was the only person that knew about Proleter until I started watching Mark Rober
One day there is going to be a cure for everything and no one will ever die and we will become way over populated.
try putting that in the delaware river in philadelphia and see if that cleans that water
wait isnt jeff besos ( owner of amazon ) the richest now???
The people who've created this flocculent powdery mixture designed to cleanse and purify water are geniuses. But the people who provide the mixture to those who are in most need of it (such as the poorer countries) are even bigger geniuses. Huge love and respect to all who take part in making our World more beautiful and safer to live in. Wonderful video! Thank you, Mark.
I aspire to do projects like this! This is way cool!
"lol pleage.inc
(sorry if I spelt it wrong)"
I'm just gonna say I think I like your more "change the world" videos better than the other ones!
6 mill subs how much have you donated to these poor countries rofl
"If a poor country receives aid it fosters economic and educational opportunity which makes it more stable and theres less of a reason for people to become desperate which is a breeding ground for radical ideologies and terrorism. 

Okay so if you are speaking about people that have radical ideologies and are terrorists in the countries that receive aid. You have to be willing to explain more about the reasons these people are willing to risk their live's and for what causes they are fighting for. These people may be nomadic and tribal people that in the past were living in relative harmony with the land before a number of different things may have happened around them. One of the things that may have happened is the purchase of land they once were allowed to be upon and use in order to farm and hunt for food for their families. This would have given them a level of freedom they were used to for many years and generations. Another thing is these people seeing the mining of that land, the complete mining of the land which would effect all of the area around it, in some cases for many miles, in some cases hundreds, and in other cases thousands of miles. 

So if you think about that range, and you think about the many different type of mines there are, in the so called, developing countries where this so called, radical ideological and terroristic fighting, occurs at its highest levels, then you must consider that this aid given is as more of a consolation. Because these countries are having so much taken away from them, you just have to look at the maps of the countries, you have to identify the mines and sizes of the mines, and the amount of people living in those areas, you have to see photos of what is taking place in those areas, you have to look at the relationships between the mines, the government within the country, the governments outside the country, the industries the mines sell there resources to, the people protecting the mines, 'because that quite often is the opposition force of the people you talked about, not civilians living in far away countries, then you can start to understand more about this."
Great vid! What happens with the slush later? Is it easy to recycle? Do the bonds get weaker with time?
8:23 Only the real ones know it's Plague Inc.
So if you drink water that used a packet, your sipping on straight chlorine?
"This is your I.Q.



"Your so lucky that you met Bill Gates!
Great video dude!
Cool
"Did you get the $20?

Lol..."
4:58 you never had to make it so confusing
Great video as always! :)
gjjuhhlK
Smartest man invented condoms
This will reach 48M in the future
"Give a man a fish, he eats for a day. 

Teach a man to fish, he eats for life.



Become a fish, live forever."
Why do you only make 12 videos a year
lol the patent clerk usurper is the most intelligent person in the world ...sure thing
What if you whipped out an IPhone next to Bill?
Bill Gates!
Awesome video! You are so cool!
Why's Bill been in so many vids lately? Is he afraid Elon Musk is gaining too much notoriety?
My teacher shows my whole class all of your videos
he scams kids for money
I just use the force
You are amazing!! Keep it up!
My stepmom dated your brother in high school
Legend says he took the 20
All I have to say is wow ,good look man
U are REALLY saving a lil over a billion people! Great Job!
propaganda
Mamas
Go vegan to save the world.
8:48 hentai
Why do you only make 12 videos a year? 1 video =1 month
You keep surprising me with the topics you put into your videos, also it's always really inspiring, from seeing how fun you make your kids with the toys, from the science visually explanation of things to the social impact and the fact that science and engineering is a tool that's many times underestimated or just typecasted to be a "job for a company". Thanks a lot for sharing what you're doing and remember me that science and engineering are pure fun and useful.
America isn't a rich country though. We're almost 22 trillion dollars in debt.
Do a video on SuperAids
Where can u buy this?
I had a feeling that he didn't really want to eat the pizza rolls
I love the Einstein argument, I've used it myself.  All of capitalisms arguments, imagine the untapped energy of someone who doesn't have the benefits we do?
Dude this is awesome
great, great video choice!
this video could've had so many more views if he put bill in his thumbnail but i respect him for not doing it
why did we make packets? make a gallon of that powder and put the powder in a contaminated lake
"This video makes me thirsty for water now








I'll just drink my coke!"
Awesome video as always Mark. Easily the best YouTube channel in the last few years
Why is wood weaker when it soaks up with water
Can this clean pee water
Make videos more often pleeeeeaseeeee!
im suprised he actually got to bill gates
Bill gates sounds completely different than he looks
Why he only saying that africans is sick come on
Do fish need water to live
I have to say that was still quite a bold move drinking that swamp water, even after the chlorine treatment, there are still nasty chemicals in that water from who knows where! My liver.....
Why only twelve
Jeff Bezos is Shook!
What is this stuff called
absoluly brilliant! Nice guys.
One of the bottles had to be chocolate milk
If u didn't know this  your a duoch bag!
I know this is not a popular opinion but we could just nuke those places into oblivion. Just imagine the age of prosperity we would enter. In about 200 years we'd be colonizing space guaranteed.
India called and placed an order of 10000000000 tonnes to clean up ganges river
Does it filter out germs and bacteria too? cuz there's a dead possum there!
Yeah dude Turkey doesn't owns Istanbul
damb bill gates has gotten old..and just around 2015 i 2014..watched  his hacker movies n stuff creation of pcs
07:07 seems a bit dirty on top a littlestil
my parent's friends live on bills street and he has a camera system set up for his favorite tree
Imagin you the poor person wouldent you want help
DIKS DASTARDLY LOL XD
NINTENDO!!! Hahaha
Man Bill Gates actually seems like a pretty cool guy.
WAIT YOU MET WITH BILL GATES!?!?
make more than 12 videos a year :/
pewdiepie (gets money for india) india ( makes t series) pewdiepie i'm i a joke to you ?
the "(to save the world)" hooked me
Somewhat arrogant the ending.
nice fanta when u called him
It's still dirty AF
4:49 - meelions..
now that some high quality H2O
3:19 aids
All that really matters. Rest is just boring fluff... 3:27
I am honestly so happy that there are people out there inventing this kind of stuff.
This was actually used in my country and its amazing...it was very helpful to people who has scarce of potable drinking water...i'm proud to be one of the people who tought them how to properly used it.
I don't feel like watching the whole thing. Does it work?
No William James sidis is the smartest person he is 50 to 100+ in than albert
Omg how did you come to Seattle where I live and not be notesed by me
thank you bill very cool!
Einstein is not even the smartest known person. Aristotle was far more intelligent. He calculated a year to 360 days with nothing but two water wells and his brain. He did not have access to nearly as much knowledge as Einstein and relatively did more than him for science. Aristotle studied biology and philosophy and physics, and mathematics and made major contributions, major advancements that future geniuses would use, in every single one of the fields he studied. He did all this in a time where running water meant a river.
This is awesome; great video
Does it work on salt water
I got the Water boy reference
06:35
u met bill gates !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
y0L00k lots laik dat guy.. mm.. who was american got pie?? talent..american pie..no like.. that prankte rin elevators mmm watwas his name FOUSEYtube
2:10, am I the only one who sees that glitch?
Albert Einstein has nothing on Nikola Tesla Nikola Tesla was by far the most intelligent person that has ever lived on this planet
Is nobody talking about how Bill freaking Gates was waiting outside a burger place, waiting himself, not having a chef make it or anything, not having bodyguards, he's genuinely doesn't think his wealth is for him.
also can i just point out overpopulation is a great reason not to support poor countrys
Super Mario was a communist
Try explaining that to a conservative
Ima drink swamp water to save the WORLD
Ok I get it these people deserve to live too. But think of it on a bigger scale. These undeveloped countries are the ones that are populating the fastest. If humanity keeps on growing at the rate it is there will be no people left sooner. Climate change is a real thing and so is pollution, the more people the more pollution there will be. If there is not a decline on how many people are being born per day vs how many people die per day, not a single person will be alive within 200 years maybe less. We need to not focus on how to save these people we need to focus on how we can not ruin our planet because ignorant people wanna have more than 2 children.
random. you go there with the water chems pretty much leave the thing hanging in mid air when you speak to Gates
Thank you Mark very cool
How the hell did you meet bill gates
Bill needs to take care of his health, we want him to live to 100 (I'm talking about his chubbiness)
Wholesome
living thing that does not need water... the water bear
"Great video but Japan is a bad example.  That was a recovering first world power, not a nation being built from scratch. 
A man worked at a factor in Japan 1945. Factory  gets destroyed, so the US rebuilds the it. The man just goes back to work. Apply that to the whole society, and they are back to being productive and prosperous. 

Now build that same factory in Botswana. They must find a suitable location, and build the factory. The surrounding infrastructure is poor so they must build new roads, water supplies, and power grids. Now to hire employee. No one has ever worked in a factor, so they must school the employees. Now they have to build  a school. Now they must create more infrastructure to transports goods to and from the ports, which they have to build. Then you must find a buyer for those goods. And many many years and billions later hopefully you have a productive society that wont revert back and destroy itself like Rwanda did. 
Good idea but no where close to the same."
Learning is fun
"Mark, you have made my Summers for the past three years.

Everytime I watch one of your videos it feels like I'm in San Fransisco with my really cool cousins.

Thank you so much for making these videos."
What if you dump a bunch of these packets into a dirty pond, should try this
Really great video! So good to see stuf like this, making a better world together, for the better of all of us. Btw, congrats on being trending.
This is literally amazing and life-saving
"Real tea

NORWAY LEFT THE CHAT!!!! 

OK, for The ones who didn't know, NORWAY has One of The cleanest water in The world if Im right, Because The Government used a heck of money (Im talking about billions) into that."
A world without Anime
DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER (to get dysentery)
Can someone use this packet and than put it under a microscope?
"About this video press read more



Read more"
Shrek matters that you steal his swamp
1:08 vadact outro
drinking something saved the world? I'ma go get some water
1:03 mmmh imagine dragons???
I can purify the water with .000000001% of my power
Were do you get that
Mark Rober 
So any bacteria/ viruses will just sink to the bottom?
Bill gate sounds like George Bush
Mark love from india keep up the good work i am very motivated by your experiments.
"We care so much about colonising mars
We can make earth a better place to live instead"
W-why?
Isn't chlorine poisonous?
"Safe drinking water?
Hell no, what killed the bacteria doesn't sound like a safe substance to me, I'm even pretty sure it isn't."
I would love to meet bill and its a really good thing for humanity this powder, i imagine myself drinking durty water and... i would be bad even if i did that everyday so yeah im really glade that this powder existe.
Imagine making a video with Bill Gates and not clickbating it.
Why did you not ad with bill gates you could have got a few more million views
Wait he actually met Bill Gates
Fill the pond with muddy water?
how about jellyfish
Wastewater clarifiers
"Oh my god


SHREK IS THAT YOU!?"
The cure for HIV?Bro cures will be allowed if the big pharma companies allow itt.You know how much they profit from treatments and you relying on something every month
"the most intelligent human in my mind would be closer to Vincent Van Gogh....maybe as i get a little older Claude Monet. if i was much younger, Banksy. Georgia O'Keefe deserves to mentioned as well.
something about literally stopping to smell the flowers. i guess it always came across that old men in tweed pondering equations to solve the riddles of this existence never seemed to intelligent when existence  passes them by."
"Mark: ""it releases chlorine "" 
Me: ""Sippin on straight chlorine !"" 
XD"
Love diks lmao
Sub to Coryxkenshin
It would be 1 on trending instead of 31 if you said ft. Bill Gates
"Actually mark, my I don't have water from the pull of a lever...




So I am not knocking this video, it is a great and informative video... but ... how great is it that he drops a Nintendo reference on the guy that bankrolled XBOX?
@ Mark Rober.  u should make a vid on albert einstain thoery on the whit hole itz sceince and itz really intresting
Powdered chlorine.
PG Cant use one those packets to clean up the damage from their razor ad.  Wonder if these toxic men that developed all these utilities, talk about philanthropy and helping developing nations needed to learn to be the best a man can be from a razor company.
I don't care about the 3rd world.
If our country had a title like 'Sir' this man would have it.   And yes I am talking about Bill Gates
Lol...like Bill Gates has never heard of this.
How can i buy the powder??




I love this!!!"
"Who thumbed this video down???

Maybe the ghost of Steve Jobs?"
if paying 1%gdp kept 3rd world out of uk i'd be glad for it but they come here anyway :(
used in the military
What is the song at 5:45
Where can you get those packets?
Nikola Tesla
Why would you dislike this?
Ser Amantio di Nicolao,smartest man
Bill gates is not into saving lifes he is into taking them period
6:20 chill bill...
Cool so this video is just to push socialistic views on everyone.
"I know it's kinda cheap to advetise on popular video buuuut
Dm me on instagram
@Art_by.raihan"
1 month and this
Child laborers?
Thank you for this video
Good survival item for a prepper
You should have told him if he could still jump over a chair
Wow mark u have done it
This is actually one of the best Mark Rober vids out.
8:23 is from the game Plague?
"Talking about drinking dirty water to save the world
(Wastes water at 2:42 )"
Holy moly, he met bill gates!
Jeff Bezos is the richest man on earth
.
This channel is crazy
Shrek wants to know your location
Since your the man who made a robot thats on another damn planet can you make something cool like a POWER ARMOR SUIT (i love fallout)
Drink your urine to save the earth @ 2019
Made frozen pizza rolls for Bill Gates - weird flex but okay.
are you assuming I have water
JUST THROUGH A SHOT LOAD OF THAT STUFF IN A DIRTY LAKE
"Wow ... this video is great ... 
This content is a real deal changer ... it has influence on many people to raise their awareness about how much the water problem is serious on many levels... However...  despite the wrong reputation selfishness has ... it is the main motive for good or bad ... why can't we use it for helping poor countries. As they said it's a win win."
5:55 Bill Gates joined the chat
Holding my breathe for 100 years (to save the world)
Great video!!  I've honestly never heard of you before LOL it's crazy to me how someone can have 2 million plus followers and still be unknown to people. it just shows you how much room there is on YouTube for growth and connection. Anywho great video and great information.
I like how he keeps smiling :)
8:29 Plague inc gameplay
Now Bill Gates is probably gonna go get 500000000 pizza rolls.
"-Where's my 20 bucks Rainy?
-Mommy??

Lmao!"
I love that Bill Gates has a bunch of monster energy in his fridge, cool guy
Great vid ! Great cause.  Awesome.
High quality h2o
2:30  wtf :D :D
Props for not using Bill as click bate. 99.999999% of other youtubers would. You my friend are awesome
"But...what about the elephant in the room...what about over population?

By helping these poorer countries we allow over population, which is a major problem! 

Allowing a country to fight through its hardships on its own, first it Fosters self reliance and independence. Second, it prevents over population within that country (which is horrible for poor countries)! 


I'm not a monster, I'm simply a realist. And science has proven time and again that over population is a huge and horrible problem. To the whole world, not just poorer countries.

If we can solve the over population problems AND help poorer countries, I'd be all for it."
Jeff bozos have left the chat
HIV and AIDS is the same disease 3:20
5:52 Jeff bezos is more rich than hem.
Hey man, this is really good. You're an awesome person
Finally a new upload! I started to worry
8:24 PLAGUE INC. AHHHHHHHHHH
hey in the tags you spelled gates wrong you spelled it gaets
WINDOWS 10
You should make more videos, maybe two for a month
I'd love to just shake hands with this great man. Bill Gates you're such an amazing human being. Too much respect and admiration.
Playing pleague inc xd
What about the 100% of the parasites that didn't get sweeped up?
Do a taste test before and after purified
well I disagree with you i'm SDA and I believe Solomon was the smartest person ever because he asked God to give him wisdom
RICHEST MAN ON THE PLANET IS THE MOST HUMBLE OF THE PLANET
"so where is my 20 bucks now?" -mommyy..  Haha gold.
are those packets bio-degradable?
Dont mind me just casually eating this dirt to save earth
Who's the smartest person in the world? "Mark Rober" "did I tell you to say that" nods head
Probably one of your best videos in terms of showing the value and worth of all mankind regardless of status in society. Human capital is our most valuable resource and should be invested in. Can't help but have a similar feel about mankind like from Charlie Chapman's speech in the Great Dictator. Bravo on the amazing content.
I think thats a sachet of shampoo
My grandpa worked at Procter and gamble
Why focus so much on your dam mind? Your body is equally as important and needs to be strong! Not skinny but bulky and if not lean.
my mom always said: SAFETY FIRST KIDS
so this thing doesn'T purify water it just pushes big particules deep under . conclusion water still dirty
But how will this help? There are already so many way of purification such as boiling, evaporation, etc. The problem isn't lack of clean water, it's lack of water period. Sending out these packets won't make the availability of clean water in areas that need water any higher. The problem of getting water is still an issue
YOU..... BILL.....GATES..... WHAT?!?
You got to meet bill gates!
Don't call then your friends, a postman quit his job because high fiving kids was considered grooming. Some Twats will start saying you're grooming them
Water Boy quote at 2:34
Is it that easy to have a chat with Bill Gates??
Chlorine isn't exactly good to drink either...
Mark Rober, I expected better honestly....You didn't even mention or consider the view point that giving these countries what they want creates a dependence therefore no self sustaining solution will ever come about. Not even a mention or consideration.
His song in the biggining sounds like colt 45
Does it work with salt water
Imma eat some pizza roles with el chapo
Jflele
Www.youtube.com/obesegirrafe
What a bruh moment
I hate jeff bezos
Www.youtube.com/pewdiepie
Is this powder available for purchase?
Anyone notice how Phillip looks like Ben Shapiro. @ 3:29
my battery is low and its getting dark.
Anyone else notice the "demonfied" frame at 2:09
2:36 so cute haha
Casually meets bill gates without putting him in the title
Mark, thanks for this.
2:57 does water need water to survive
A l u m
Chlorine water is safe water? What...
Child slavery
WHY DONT WE GIVE THIS TO FLINT MICHIGAN????
Trying to sell that crusier to me?
I'm impressed you got to meet Bill gates.
Bill Gates for 2020
Thanks Mark, I just donated because of your very informative video for a very good cause.  I had no idea about this simple method to get clean, drinkable water.
I don't think it's still clean, they should test the water even after using the powder to see if there bacteria or viruses in them. Separating dirt is not enough to make a water drinkable.
"0:15 - ""I only make 12 videos a year""
...and I look forward to those monthly videos more then I do to any other content I can get on YouTube, just short of awesome movie trailers.
Thank you Mark!"
That poor kid on the left with no boots though
Bill Gates want to reduce  the population
I'm not sure this product will separate decaying mammal bacteria. Also you probably couldn't pay me to drink the tap water in New Jersey.
How does such a nice looking guy make such a predatory company as MIcrosoft is?
Just dump a huge amount of this powder into a lake in Afric and everything will become clean
But can you prank mail thieves with it?
2:00 oh yeah thats hot
THIS VIDEO WAS SPONSERED BY PLAGUE INC. EVOLVED
A very very very nice video, love it really, go and see Destin from SmarterEveryday, you two can accomplish great things
Not all hero wear capes, some heroes promote awareness from education through speech.. And they like super mario too..
06:20
why haven't I been subbed to this guy...wtf
Those packets are really impressive
It seems like Nintendo sponsored you..... but Nintendo is de best
Only people help other people, goverments dont help people. USA destroy the economy of others countries to get some benefits, see middle east, south america, especially Venezuela
screw this ima be the first aussie to buy this
That is the plague inc a game I also have
Elon Musk
Can i put this in the lake with me?
6:20 hahahha "i know you love, eehhh"
Thank you Mark, you saved the world
Only xbox players aloud to like this
That water looks delicious
This is my favorite video from this Channel so far
yup, The next albert Einstein is probably living in a 3rd world country with an average iq well below 80, for sure!!!
World needs more people like this. Respect!!!
All that stuff was like worth a dollar, can we send money somewhere to support with these materials?
Mark Rober for Rewind 2019!
Bill Gates is such a likeable person
Bill Gates has been doing so many interviews with influencers of all types and it's amazing.
An Asian guy purified an entire lake
im so glad this man make a video with bill gates and doesn't put that in thumbnails ...
I know those tanks anywhere. I have one
This method removes all the particles and kills bacteria (not so sure about viruses) but what about toxic chemicals? or simple urine? or salt? you can not remove them from water this way. It should be clearly stated what types of water could be made drinkable
It wasn't even Albert Einstein for known persons Newton outclassed him by far
So...after the powder is done, you're drinking chlorine water? That's not safe to drink either
Jeff besos is the richest man on planet earth
"Mark, if more people were like you, this world would be a much better place.


And also pinewood derby event competitions would get unreasonably difficult to win."
I love your videos!! How can people dislike this?
It's been 2 month.. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
"That's how the Miracle Mineral Supplement (MMS) Works in our body against viruses & pests. JUST YOUTUBE MMS
Mr. Humble is great and it works better then any anti-biotics ,but it gets blocked by BIG Pharma, else it would be used by anyone ;)"
liquid refreshment
This is so important
2:36 made me a kid again
Lmao plague inc
0:11 caustic from apex legends
12 videos a year not even 12 minutes long
Okay Youtube, I finally watched the video. You happy now?
what if it has glass shards in it
You better run,shrek is mad
I would run  to get the best ingredients and make those pizza rolls
Next time use The Life Straw.
5:45, you ask I deliver.
How many great minds are we extinguishing before they're even born?
1:06 hmmm that song sounds kinda familiar
Imagine having this dude in your neighborhood
My man actually got bill gates
Bill gates also have a similar idea for purifying water
T O  S A V E  T H E  W O R L D
FBI wants to know your location
"Cmeyckn jgvkhv 
la"
8:30 YEAH CANADA
where can I get this powder?
"What the f youtube, i already subs a long time ago and until now just showed up, its not appearing in my feeds

And why the h, this vid doesnt have many views?! 

Oh come on!, 3 million?  Are you kidding me?"
Still would not drink it
"The most important thing in this video to everyone is
Bill Gates nibbled a pizza roll."
Resources in poor countries are exploited by rich countries
The question is did Bill Gates drink the water?
Where can I buy these packs?
4:44 so your drinking chlorine?
Bill gates: 6:20
Wow no words
Bill mates
8:25 that's plague inc
well if you pour five buckets of 10 liters of this in a lake will it clear it?
Idk why people dislike this video ..
hi bill
"I WANNA SEE MORE OF BILL SENPAI! He's such an interesting person. It was interesting when Marques interviewed him and equally as interesting for him to do something like this!
Happy to see Bill Gates interact with likable social personalities."
My guy
All you need is shaggy to look at the water and it will be the cleanest water in the world
Holy flippers A freaking interview with Bill bloody Gates omg
I would of made ramen.
99.9999% !!!!! Thats really incredible !
I just like saying "flocculant".
Bill Gates used to be the richest man on Earth for the longest time but it now actually belongs to Jeff bezos who owns Amazon.
What i got from this was that i drink the same LaCroix flavors as Bill Gates.
Without socialism, communism and radical islamists helping developing nations would be a lot more worth it.
This guys didn't mention bill gates name in the title and didn't allow a single ad  ! Are you for real bro ? Such an inspiring guy !! Remember the name guys ' Mark Rober '
Hey Mark you are my inspiration. I want to work at NASA and be a good science guy and the favourite uncle.
As usual, another great video Mark
its coagulant agent.
Wait,but isnt chlorine toxic?
Beautiful video, hope reach people and inspire them
"Can we just take the time to actually comprehend that he just met bill gates like Bill Gates

I would've brought my computer and made so many jokes"
I would've said Nikola Tesla, and who's to say the smartest person ever isn't alive today?  Why does it have to be someone who lived a long time ago?
Do you think that this could work to separate salt from ocean water?
Why do you only make 12 videos a year lmfao
Why would you separate dirt from old laundry water? lol
1:08 super dead opossum
Almost 13k comments, and 200k likes.  Not to mention 3.7 million  views.  This video is awesome!  Keep it up!
How?
12 videos a year!
the the possum....
You said there are no exceptions and all biblically living things need water. The kangaroo rat can live without a single drop it's entire life.
"Carefull.
India is far more better than Vietnam"
such a great vid, thanks for doing your part to spread awareness
Make a remote control bowing ball
Help the poor so that they could stay healthy and keep working for you
Does he think that bill gates made Mario
Make more vids than a couple a year please
"DutchSweetShid
Your pure heart is inspiring! It got me thinking,and searching, next to dirty water, salt water is a global issue..and making it drinkable WAS hard, i found this, a link to someone who found a cheap way to make salt water drinkable, just wanted to spread the knowledge,combined with the powder you can make any water drinkable, except maybe radioactive...https://www.earth.com/news/nanotech-filtration-seawater-drinkable  Mark,youtube must be proud to have you,keep up the positive vibes

44 seconden geleden"
12 videos a year????!!!!
Throw the world's biggest bath bomb made from that stuff and throw it in that water in India
i just love these kinds of videos. i dork out and wish more people could help less fortunate folks. maybe the greater message here is just "go do something for someone else" because the vast majority of us can't just help someone get clean drinking water. but small acts of kindness go a lot further than planned ones in your head.
The rich help the poor so they can exploit there human wealth. Capitalism
Bill Gate speaks werid hes saying instead of yes but jaaa. And pronaunces word actually wrong.
Yea Japan, burry in there delusional. What Japan really doing to help the world ? Apparently nothing. Hopefully they forgot where they came from. Bushman descendant from Afrika then mixed with scorpion blood.
Imagine drinking this thinking it was chocolate milk
One video a month
Lol this is how  they use to treat there human waisted. Afrika start thinking present to build your future
"8:06
8:24 is that plague inc?
Rip opportunity
What happens when you eat the pouder?
I knew his cocaine was going to be useful
Billy Gates
Yu see he was not Albert Einstein fools the most intelligent. He was nothing. Am more intelligent him.
"""Said Colt 45 and two Zigzags
Baby, that's all we need"""
"You see how easily  could they  kill you ?
12 videos a year i feel like u r unfair.....
I would totally drink that for 20 bucks
Subscribed!
He said he won't eat water
why isnt this super popular ?
6:20 LMAOOOOOOO
bill gates is a normal person
The kids were in awe. Can't blame them. This was pretty neat. Also, Bill 'Freakin' Gates!
Nah, struggling countries are good for business. And if they have resources, they are bad, bad if don't give them to "developed" countries.
What about Nikola Tesla? He discovered electrisity
This is the most amazing video everything that I've ever been a part of  OMG world how come this is not the biggest thing publicized throughout the world Akon the rapper needs to see this alsohave a partnership in this somehow because he save in the world right now as we speaking
Very cool!
Nothing says free like child labor
No way in the world I would zip that hahahaha
what if you put this in coke. does it discolor it? Like  this so he will see it
What if we just dumped a few truckloads of these into the sea
No  nitpicky criticism here  , but can anyone tell me if chlorine is cancerous or not ?
With all due respect to you nor to Mr bill gates and i already commented this oh his behalf long time ago, if you want to help third wold countries just try and elect honest people that will keep their noses out of other people's businesses, you won't expect much from countries if your government is creating conflict between them to sell weapons buy natural resources for cheap just so you could stay in top, you want to help people around the world ??? if you are honest about it change your government to a one that values all human lives and not only their own, one that will choose human life every time over greed and personal interest, yes the others can grow and know how to because basically they are humans not monkeys, so PLEASE BE HONEST WITH YOUR SELVES.
The real smartest person is Nikola Tesla
06:20
nobody wants to see you drink shreks swamp
/make richest  man on earth what my mom makes me for a snack/
can we send these packets to Flint?
Makes bill gates pizza roles
does anyone else here colt 45 playing in the back at 2:02?
I mean people have to die for the earth to keep going
0:28 lol
Finally a YouTuber  who actually cares about the world rather than subscribers or revenue
Just casually introduces bill gates into his video
does bill gates drink la croix cause his drink freezer thing says so
So in other words, there's still hope for humanity?
I'd say Newton.
plague inc lets play in the future lol.
When you get Bill Gates in your video but don't put his name in the title or a picture of him in the thumbnail. Props to this guy for not begging for views!
I will be honest - that is one of smartest and best videos I have ever watched. Good job man I hope people will get to see and understand what you have said!
Great video
"4:40
A grade 8 student"
You should do it with salt water
Do the germs and diseases separate ?
Nikola Tesla actually
Are you happy youtube
I bet P&G love you miss representing their products you are supposed to filter out the floc before drinking...
"DUDE YOU MET BILL GATES AND JUST GAVE HIM A PIZZA ROLL LIKE HE WAS YOUR FRIEND





I mean come on dude"
Hi
"Wait is my country have this?! Wtf? 

#Im_From_Malaysia"
Did he just use a plague inc clip?
Where is nikola
SEATTLE!!!!
2.3K people who gave this a thumbs down are definitely Trump supporters.
06:22 bill gates comes out of the closet.
Smartest man to ever live was Nikola Tesla not Einstein. Einstein said it himself. Also there is compelling evidence indicating that Einstein was a fraud who stole his ideas from other German scientists and his wife. Also Bill Gates is one of the biggest mass murders the world has ever seen.
Awesome
Great video. One word of caution ... while the product can be a lifesaver and is a 100% worthy/worthwhile cause (especially in emergency situations) the product actually contains chlorine and though chlorine is a very useful disinfectant...chlorine is not good/healthy to drink on a everyday, long-term bases. Same goes for water purification products that contain iodine (o:
Should read Mankiw. It's called comparative advantage.
Ohh come on! I was waiting for Bill to drink that water!
excellent vid. gg
8:25 you are really good at plague Inc I am still on the bacteria
How is drinking water saving world?
Totally agree
Wait you say all biological things right?What about fish
8:26 Hey it's that one game I play like a psychopath
So what is it, gelatin and chlorine?
How tf he go see bill gates.
so swamps are  nature's protector?
Could you make a video talking about the science behind spit vapor plz
Man, my world view is depressing
Jeff Bezos has left the chat
I ask the 2.3k people who disliked this video to go back and rewatch it an genuine human perspective.
Is he married? I think I just fell in love.
WATER,EVERYTHING IS WATER
Try gangga river water
What's in that powder I need it I'm planing to clean up a lake at my locality. Please help.
Mark Rober this was a very well put together video and very inspiring! You made so much sense when stated the wealthy can help the poorer countries that has or are at risk for diseases and to prevent a great outbreak from occurring! Its not just about providing food and water but to also improve the country as a whole, like Bill Gates said. That way they can become independent and prosperous.






Just joking"
8:52 bill gates said Sony is making good products but Sony made the ps4 and bill gates made Microsoft and Microsoft made Xbox and ps4 and Xbox are competing hmmm
YOU ARE AMAZING, A GREAT HUMAN, AND AWESOME HUSBAND!
Environmental Engineering things.....!
You get Bill Gates some Pizza rolls, then baam you trick him into thinking he is getting a delicious burger but baamm it's some dirty water.
"Mark Rober - <drinks the muddy water>
World - ""fkin' saved!"" :D"
Nothing screams scientist more than reversed cap though.
Did we just forget about the life straw?
I find this halarious calling us rich countries when we are in billions in dept and more then half of people are hurtin. Hahaha
"(Mark makes just 12 videos a year. I wonder how many videos CGP Grey makes.)
For the quality and content, 12 videos is more than enough. Thanks"
This is cool and all but I wish we saw a slide in the microscope to see how clean the water actually is
You asked Bill Gates about saving lives? A guy who does speeches on depopulating the earth to reduce "carbon"???
"Problem is there are too many people on the planet and the number is still growing.
The idea that all countries can exist was fine when there were less than 1 billion people."
The statement that you made of there no being any living organism that can live without water is false, there are living microscopic creatures that can live with out air, water, and food for the rest of their lives.
Maybe thats Bill Gates favorite childhood food
eating my garbage to save the world
He used plague .inc
I'm not shocked that someone didn't say Nikola Tesla for the smartest person
mmm.. rober he has ebola [cluck]
Can those clean out lead from water
Cool
This is fantastic. Thank you for sharing this and bringing this to the attention of viewers.
Hello
This man is a legand for not putting bill in the thumbnail
i would probably have a heart attack if i met bill gates in person
8:29 Isn't that a game?
Each minute you see Bill he earns about 1mil $
Bill Gates is soo kind
This is an honest sincere worthwhile video post. Good work.
Love how God said that water gives life take water take life and NASA found that recently and God said that more than 1000 years ago *)
"It's amazing that you didn't made a thumbnail with Bill Gates and the title like 

""I meet bill Gates and we're trying to save the world?!?""
And no ads! 
the very best youtuber doing the better content in this entire page
I didnt know you play fortnite pve...
"""You give someone a fish, he eats once.
You teach someone to fish, he eats for a life"""
"You need a petrion 
Because you don't get ads
Leave it to scientists to create a hazard where non exists. Earth, sand, and charcoal probably create better water than that
6:19 wait for iy
"I don't even know Bill Gates is that old already

I guess Malaysia is doing pretty good lol"
ofc the richest man on earth has a fridge full of canned drinks in his kitchen.. because why not..
Holy crap, how did you got this interview with Bill, must have taken forever.
Metric system or to you want more satilits to crash
Nice info
Nice revision of surface chemistry
U are my absolute favorite youtuber
What, are you driving a prius too?
Talks to bill gates, doesn't put in the title... What a legend.
makes video with bill gates and didnt even put it in the title respect!
Mark rober has a kid who has autism
OMG you should try to make Baymax
Bill Gates is the only Billionaire I like, him and his wife give so much, literally they donate so much to charity. If not thee most in history, ever. Respect.
Did you know that you can save the world on fortnite
We don't have that thing in philippines
OMG! You met with Bill Gates!! You're the man!!
I would have said Jesus is the smartest person who lived
5:59 LUCKIEST MAN ON EARTH
8:24 dat pandemic gameplay footage
Gotta log in just to thumbs up videos like this.  Good stuff.
Bill Gates must by shelling out some money to be on all of these youtube channels.
checkmate anti-vaxxers
i don't even get bored watching your videos
"Bill told me the issue of diseases


shows a free online game"
2:31 Some High Quality h2o rite there
bill gates are you for reals
you asking Who is the smartest person ever lived ? But you dont define Smat. it could be anyone and everyone
Lifestraw hold my bear
inspirational
Gotta get them hunter boots!!
This really was inspiring. Merci Mark
Does That Work on pee?
You know what "swamps" really are?  See my petri dish Earth videos. It is spongy bone of a giant's body. Mountain ranges are compact bone. Single mountains are Osteons.  Caves inside the mountains are Haversian and Volkmann canals.
It removes mud, but what about parasites?
Bill Gates made more money than Mark Rober during the production of this video
Dang, the Bill Gates Collab is unexpected
I didn't hear anything about that in philipines
Messenger huh? 4:05
Make a collab with MrBeast if your gonna do these things.
J Balvin lol
i can drink clear water by drinking my own urine no offense lmao
Did he just say 12 videos a year?!
Did you get sick after drinking dead rat water?
I love this video with all my heart
No matter how good a video is... There is always those guys who dislike
Better say sorry about that opossum or you will be the next Logan Paul
Oh, hi mark
No exceptions to the water rule?  Tardigrades are on their way to mess you up man.
"4:12
S
SA
SAT
SATI
SATIS
SATISF
SATISFY
SATISFYI
SATISFYIN
SATISFYING."
"B...B.....Bi...Bill GATES!!!!!
How does a person manage to pull that  of"
Money should've never existed we should just help each other

Mark: swamp water! 

Mark: wanna know who I met!

Mark:shrek!

*shrek*:WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP"
your videos are amazing.
I live at indonesia
but there was a dead Rat.....
Oki if you make a clip with no adds. no clip baits and no trick title you do earn my sub! cheers
This is cool, but check out the videos of Bill Gates drinking water distilled from urine and feces! That tech is insanely awesome! Bill is a total Badass!!
Save the world?
The reason why America and the UK should help underdeveloped countries is because they've stolen all the resources that has made them "rich" from these countries. Also because it's the humain thing to do.
"""Love Dix""

Bill Gates..."
Just heard bill come out of the closet I think
you are probably the only person in the history of youtube to have bill gates on your channel and not mention him in the title or thumbnail to get extra views and likes. huge respect.
Is it weird to wonder If u could do this with urine?
2:09 hate it when life glitches
someone is not the best at Plague inc ;D
I would so work for you
so that means shrek has been helping us from the start by drinking swamp water
Hey! I was the one who killed that possum. You can't use water flavored by my dead possum in your experiment without first paying me a licensing fee. It'll be $2,500. Refuse and I'll issue a DMCA takedown and sue you. Anyway, loved the vid!
wow... I'm watching the man that created my computer on my computer.
"A Message For You Mark

I just want to say that you deserve more than this not because you have many subs and not because your smart BUT because you help many people with your talent and again Thank You Mark"
imagine when he drink the water he accidentally drinked the survived bacteria/virus(0.0001%)
Now the real question: Did he drink the (dirty) water?
I HAVE THAT SAME NINTENDO MAGAZINE!!
Sadly we have well water that's poisonous so we have to be very careful
The only problem is Rich countries doesn't want to help the Poor countries ! They want to keep the poor country poor and full of sufferings !
Wow, this is very inspiring! You obviously put a lot of effort into making this video and I admire you for it. Words can't express how grateful I am that you do the things you do!
See you in a month!
So ur related to bill gates.
I heard that chlorine is toxic ... or not?
Your not the guy who made that scientific thing
"I make 12 videos a year" Has 6 million subscribers Seems Legit.
its crazy how its been here for a while and not alot of people knew about it
This is AMAZING!
No gloves for the kiddies?
Could we use the same science to separate salt from salt water and any other components that make it undrinkable and remove them turning it into drinking water
Bruh I drink soda 24/7 I don't need water.
3 :20 HIV is the virus and AIDS id the consequenz so they are baisacally the same illness
Did this video get demonetized?
Who would thumb this down? I liked & subscribed!
"Did he say chlorine??!??!? 






Your using trend craves outro music
If I knew you were in Seattle then I would've searched every centimeter of the city
but there's chlorine in it ....
can it be use for aquariums?
If you clean that bottle you can clean the whole lake
This video made me incredibly thirsty
shaggy could use only 1% of his energy to do that, but except it would be the whole world
Wow this was heart warming, I hope people continue to help other people who are less fortunate.
How did you get bill gates in your video
Fauset water is not that clean.
"Shrek water man: We need 5 centrifuges
Centrifuge boy: why?
Shrek water men: Me and 4 little kids went into a 100% guarantee ebola pond
Centrifuge boy: K"
How can you dislike an educational the video? wtf
Anyone else get teary eyed watching ths one ? Thanks Mr. Rober good videos brother ! Going to read the letter now !!! Love from Texas !!!
16:20      L O V E     D I C K S
what a great video
beep beep capitalist here reminds you , someone must be poor than you or you will be .
mommy  she was asking her mommy
In from seattle
8:28 plague inc
what a magic, i want that powder
Tbh rich countries and the government are just so selfish
Is it idiotic to see you fit as a person who could potentially contribute in a form to find the cure for such high damaging diseases like as mentioned. You my friend are phenomenal and deserve a lot more credit than my comment on your video can give, keep up the positivity and great minded content because you're a stepping stone to greater things, thank you.
"BUT DOES WATER NEEDS WATER TO LIVE?????




OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"
Buy life straw lol
4:51 well... the first thing that i search is my country
Your saying all that but who has listened no....
What is the reason for those 2.2K dislikes?! I would love to spend a week listening to the reasons of every single "disliker".
Super dead opossum? U mean possum
Where can I buy a packet because that will be great when I go for walks around the fields
I guess that was really Bill Gates at the Burger shop I thought it was just a look a like lol. Major props for Bill Gates tho
I thought it's my duty to tap the like button so I did
"Oh. Does this mean we should all start drinking swamp water now?

you are going to change the world brother'
Oh boy that music reminded me of old Ben Phillips
This video is very insightful, good job Mark.
How amazing of a youtuber do you have to be to have Bill Gates in your video and not put him in the title or thumb nail for title... we love you mark !!!
8:25 Plague inc. lol
Too bad it doesn't get chemicals and metals out of the water. Flint is still screwed!
It's the first ever video i watched of yours and i couldn't resist to subscribe!!
7:45 the benefits are stwong
can't believe you got Bill Gates in on this. Good video
The company that made this causes most of the water pollution and stealing the fresh water, The best a 3rd world person can get.
Richest man is jeff bezos btw
3:18 Contaminated water causes more deaths than HIV, AIDS and Malaria combined. Sadly, HIV and AIDS are the same cause of death in this context as HIV is the agent that causes AIDS.
Fantastic clip. :)
"Remember all those countries that gave America money for us to graduate?

Japan producing a product, and Americans choosing to purchase it.  Isn't foreign aid.

Instead of saying America wouldn't have Nintendo.

Why don't you look into the other 100s of countries that America already gives billions of dollars to every year.  Only for it to be horded by it's dictators, elites or warlords.   While not a single cent gets to it's people.

We know it's really easy for the Richest man in history to tell other people to give away money.

But how about concerned Bill.  Gives away enough of his own money.  That it would effect even a single financial decision in his grandchildren lives.

But no.  Bill gets to enjoy his life with even the most science fiction of luxuries.  Still have the GDP of many countries in his savings.  Schedule to give away charity throughout his life.  At the exact pace he chooses to.  That's just enough that it covers his tax liability and interest earned.     While still gaining overall wealth,  still can afford thousands of any luxury he could ever crave, and still gets to have everyone tell him how much more generous and he is compared to themselves.

Well guess what everybody watching this video.  You giving a dollar per year to charity.  Effects your life.  Much more than the money Bill gives away effects his.

Yet after he gets hos desired laws passed to show how much he cares.  And that money of yours he wants the government to force you to pay to them. So they can give away as they see fit.  I hope you don't get layed off from work.  Oddly after that new tax law is passed.  The government has a weird way of no longer asking for it .
But actually coming to your front door with hand cuffs and guns drawn for it.  While caring Bill is still sipping Champaign with a direct phone line to every congressmen and the President.
Your in the country prison because your late on your new mandatory tax to fund foreign countries.  On top of that new county tax for a sports stadium and roads.  And a local tax on gas, cigarettes and milk.

How about this Bill.  How about, we form our own schedule.  To donate our own selected amount of money. As we choose spare it.  Just like you do.

Or else, somebody else gets to decide. When and how much money, you must give to charity. With a different stranger deciding what you owe each month?

But of course you would never agree to that.  Because you love to actually be in control of your own money.  Just like everyone else does. 

So while america is already 23 trillion dollars in debt.  And every American citizen already owes 100s of thousands of dollars to the debt we already have.  While the government is more worried about creating an open border to bring in more votes. With the already over 20 million illegal immigrants already here unknown.  While the US Govt doesn't even give a second thought to the lives of there own citizens.  Like the 100 Americans dying every week in Chicago.  Or the 70,000 Americans that died in 2017, just from drug overdoses. Even though over 90% of those drugs arrive over that very same open border.

So Please spare me the emotional lecture.  About how America must do more to help everyone else.  American tax payers already do more, give more and accept more in need of help.  Than every other country in the world.  Definitely more than those wonderful socialist countries like Venezuela, Norway and Sweden.

Other than that? Great video."
saving the world, one laundry powder at a time
What is the name of the product?
i would fill 100% of the oceans on earth with this powder btw please pin this mark roper when i grow up i want to be a scientist in all subjects or a doctor aand mark roper is my inspiration
8:36 "before it has the chance TO GO GLOBAL "
What if we dump a kilo of this powder in a massive dirty pond?
I just found your channel and this is REALLY awesome!
How you meet with Billy?
yo that dude fr looks like an old version of Ben Shapiro
Save the world or battleroyale
The problem is alot of these leaders of these countries
What about contaminants like pesticides? What about viruses? A lot of filters and water treatment get rid of bacteria and parasites but not viruses.
Touched my heart! A bottle of water can change the life of a student.
love this video
Is no one gonna ask where to get these things?
can it make salt water drinkable?
parasitic worms are a problem and you get them by messing around in water with rotting stuff like that possum. be careful with the kids.
8:30 not much of a disease spreading to Ukraine, where I live :)
I was thinking that the powder should be applied to some dirty area first
the smartest person in history was probably insane
4:12 that doesn't sound good for my ears
Didn't bill gates drink poo water?
If only all of this would actually happen
This is truly incredible. Honestly, to take the time to break this all down is insane!
Lol jus put lossa these packets in the ocean.
Shucks Mark, your either rich or famous enough to be able to get that close to Bill.
How much do they cost and will it be more then what people in undeveloped nations can afford?  Humans needs water for lots of things, if too expensive, the cost of the packets will add up.  Those people make like less then 100 dollars so the price of the packets should be less then a few cents.
"Mark: wheres my twenty bucks?
Kid: moMMY"
ITS BILL GATES THE INVENTER OF MICROSOFT EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHHHH
Say what you will about Bill Gates when her was at Microsoft, but that dude put his money where his mouth is.
You know if human kind weren't so damn selfish and greedy, we could all actually care about one another and be kind.
What a fantastic video that goes even deeper than just clean water. Changed my perspective. Thank you.
Legend has it he took the 20 bucks of the little girl
Mmmm.... Pizza rolls








This is a joke no r/Facepalm please"
u should collab with collin furze
I feel like stealing the formula for those packets and then selling them.
Like for Robert Boucher, Jr. quote.
he makes 12 videos in a year but all of them are really gr8
Beautiful video!!!
"OK YOUTUBE I WATCHED IT!
.
.
.
.
Cool video tho"
Ad?
Can we use this on salt water? Would it work?
You playing with my fortnite squad
Go chemists
Where do I sign up to help
Brilliant...
Hey Mark you got a new subscriber today.......Really impressed by your video
Can you make a giant baking soda volcano. Plz
"MOMMY" lmao
So guys is HIV death and AIDS death different... Aren't they same???
I mixed all the drinks and got kicked out of 7-11
A simple water filter can be made free from natures elements grass, charcoal,sand,and gravel.But clean or not it still need to be boiled to be sure pathogens are killed.God has given us everything we need to survive!
Asks kid for 20 bucks this how you get rich
How about ocean water?
Awesome man
Love your work on YouTube, this video was great to watch.
Why not use alot of the powder thing and dump it on the swamp?
Yes, spread the powder!!!
I love how you used plague Inc on the disease part
There are many Americans who don't have safe drinking water.  Any help for them?
background music sounds like the everyday astronauts tune
That means u r drinking chlorine water
"Indonesia's the first nation that pops from Bill's mind when he's talking about Developing Countries.... Thanks for the recognition, I hope my country develop as soon as possible.

Salam hangat dari Indonesia :)"
at 8:24 its a clip from plague inc.
Green gobbler
You and Colin Furze tho
Thank you Mark
"Japan give indonesia 10 year old trains
indonesia give other countries 0 year old trains.
Great goal, great video, congratulations to you man,use your YouTube success to spread the awareness! Faith in humanity restored
Question , how does the method of separation of water work ?
Bill Gates is actually leading in this case and has given jimmy fallon some water.
Try plain old ALUM from the grocery store, with a chlorine chaser.
Bill Gates isn't the richest man in the world. Jeff Bezos is.
Bothers me how people hero worship Steve Jobs whilst Bill Gates who is an extraordinarily kind, generous humanitarian who has given away 10's of billions of dollars to help the needy and ill, actively campaigns and begins charities, foundations, research centres and so on and so forth, get's treated like some sort of corporate monster.
Lesson learned, DONT take water for granted.
Think this could clean the ganges river? Like some kind of first stage cleaning before cleaning out the heavy metals and other gunk, just wondering since I watched a vid on ganges river being the most polluted and stuff, lel
How can you drink this because it uses chlorine which is bad for you
Does phytoplankton still floating?
such a genuine message :) this needs more exposure!
nice plague inc clip
Or helping out poor countries will turn them into a potential enemy of the United States. Look what we did with China.
About the person who doesnt care about whether they have a fish or not but the problem is most don't have the ability to actually help
Just a normal day. Just chilling in the most richest mans house in the world.... Nothing much
Outstanding video! Thankyou.
I would like to thank you for the inspiration on learning about blood centrifuges. You have got me to get more intrigued about them and I eventually did my science fair on them. I won 2 place in all of where I live and I would like to thank you for that. Ps keep doing what you are doing cuz it is working
finaly good video on my recomandation, well done bro, u deserve more than 6 m
Plague inc lol
"Bill gates says something in a mark rober video-





Me: OH MAH GAHD"
06:16
I see you with that plague inc gameplay at 8:28
i want a link to that paper microscope and centrifuge. im very interested and i might like to invest to give help to those who need it
What a man
Such a nice message
So, did he drink it
Can someone tell me the chemical composition of these packets? I would like to see if I can make some myself
That's some serious pandemic if Madagascar was infected too.


I was cheacking out your liquid sand video and found a rainbow in the first minute
Thank you for this Video, totally agreed with you Mark.
Another great invention made by a British guy
"Meeting Bill wearing a baseball cap the opposite way, making him eat pizza rolls and calling him bro. That's bold ^^
Edit: Thanks for the likes guys :D"
Dude, you are, like, the best person ever
Thanks for not click-baiting this, it shows that you do not only care about views on your videos
Is mark rober daequan that does not play fortnite hes like come her boi he wants to meet everyone
Incredible video! Also shows why the developing world needs access to energy. We should also invest in large scale energy grids.
When you make the richest man on the planet eat pizza rolls lol

Flock yeah"
Who was watching water while watching this?
I would definitly vote for Mark Rober if he ran for president.
"THE HECK my cousin was in this vid
Mark, my name is Michael (her same last name) SO U BETTER NOTICE ME

I try not watch too much youtube anymore but I knew you wouldn't disappoint.
Sloop I'm bored and I'm dead
Thought this was a video about bentonite clay. This works way faster than bentonite.
Bill Gates is such a humble man
Ok YouTube I watched it
"Someone who's trying to save the humanity

This video made me thirsty.
This makes me want to go and drink water
oh shoot its ya boi Bill Gates
"Is my country (INDoneSIA) ??? Do have a problem with clear water?????? 

WHY????"
I would have said Steven hawking not Albert Einstein.
Satisfying magnet noises
Sorry, my aunt lives in Seattle, plus he is the richest man in the world
You kinda look like ryan reynolds at 7:42
How did you meet him?
Congrats on meeting Bill Gates!
Woah, you meet Bill Gates!!!!!
Wanted to see Bill Gates drinking swamp water.. That would have been priceless!
Question: how about the dirt in the bottom? Like wtf its still in the water ya know?
Steve Jobs walks in.
that man will the purple sweater seems rich
"Nicola Tesla 

come to think of it he was pretty much unknow till more modern times :(  and hence the answers still today"
1:08 The YouTube Algorythm at it's finest!
I'm surprised anyone would dislike this video.
When you were watching the dirt go down, my chrome book glitched and stopped the video, so for 10 or something seconds I stared at a paused screen thinking, huh.... its not going down anymore.
Definitely one of my favorite videos from you. Good job Mark
So make two videos a month. A short, mostly unedited one and then a big one like you already do!
The only problem is that it can cause some health problems over a long time because your consuming lots of chlorine
Child labor?
based on their shoes at 1:15, I'd say they had already been in that swamp before you told them they were going in there.
Add to a fish tank, maybe?
How did you manage to meet the richest man on Earth?
Make more than 12 a year my guy
mmmm chocolate milk
...... b b b b B B BILL GATES?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!??!!??!
We dont need a wall. Use that money to help human lives.
I got thirsty watching this
Alright now they should do this with salt water
Ok I watched it YouTube ffs.
"Damn....
Our bodies are really needy to keep energy"
If you aid countries that are less developed you create more competition.
Mark, your videos never cease to amaze and inspire
I like bill Gates un like the creater of ps4
Obat air.. udah  biasa liat itu benda, tapi gak sampai bisa di minum cuma membersihkan
Are all your friends 8 to 10?
Yeah bouta go to Bills House not really stoked about it
Shrek has Joined the Chat.
2:31 "thats sum hagh quality H20 right ther"
8:29 using plague inc
Minyak
8:25 nice plague inc footage
You are doing a great thing which will also help to save water and increase human survival
I loved his bit on the way that aiding poor countries increases their economic stability I was like, so if we helped Germany after WW1 than couldnt we have averted WW2 because didn't Hitler weasel his way into the countries poor economic and governing system and increased (false) propaganda to cause it all or something like that. I mean if we didnt trash their countries economy and cut off from the rest of the world then he wouldn't have had the ability to go in and convince the people through swindling ?
if ph used that on manila bay damn manila bay would be so beautiful
Mark Rober the hero we do not deserve,but the hero we need right now
How does this video have 2k dislikes??? Wtf is wrong with you guys?
Im your viewers from indonesia
wait you met bill gates! id be freaking out wow
Plague inc. Hahaha 8:24
Mario and Pokemon is the reason I am glad Japan still exist.
Not sure that was a great place to pull water even using that chemical. The reason it was below a road. You also get chemicals from cars, gas, oil... that drop down there and that may not be actually separated the same. It would have been better to find a natural pond were that wasn't a potential.
8:25 I love that game!
Bill Gates is a pretty cool guy, didn't know that.
Great message
How do people dislike a phenomenal vid like this?
Why is he playing colt 45?
Sorry, but I had to downvote. The chemicals were amazing and the product saves lives - that's a plus, but more than half the video was about arguing why it should be sold for a loss. That strayed from science and really dragged on.
Nikola Tesla, not Albert Einstein. Albert Einstein himself when asked how it felt to be the smartest man in the world responded, "I don't know, you'll have to ask Nikola Tesla."
That's how municipal water treatment centers work in your city. These centers send clean water to your houses. This invention (sugar pack) does exactly what these multi-million dollar centers do with just spending pennies and a few shakes. However, I would still boil cleaned water before drinking it. It would work great for 3rd world countries that don't have access to clean water.
Best uncle ever.
Deem bill 1:21
"Bill Gates Said The Word






""SONY"""
Bruuuuuuuu you got me inspired after all the vids!!!! @markrober
Bill Gates hasn't been the richest man in the world for a while. I know it sounds better to say it, but it's just not true. Jeff Bezos is the known richest man in the world, but Vladimir Putin is most likely the richest, but he has no public networth.
When you said : The FAT SELFISH GREEDY EVIL person who DOESN'T CARE about people and other nations, you should've just said DONALD TRUMP!!!!
Bill Gates seems like a good guy
this isn't saving the world chief.
"Breaking news 

Bill Gates is found dead after drinking infected water, police suspects that Mark Rober is behind this."
Bill Gates: Casually walks into their home to find a man making pizza rolls for him
You make me so smart
shrek wants to know your location
6:20 luv dics
In American keep in mind our water has a grade D not really god but still better than most peoples water
"Someone asks: ""Hey what was your new video about?:


Mark: ""Oh nothing... Just got bill gates for this video""


Someone: *Dies*"
Could you use this in a bottle of piss?
Aaah bill gates one of the number one supporters of communism....
I doubt he'll ever see this, but Bill Gates, you are a very cool dude, as well as down to earth you are an inspiration! Since he owes you a Burger, I'd buy you one. Lol. Thanks Mark for this video
Put 1000 pounds into the ocean
I love the music every time you get into the information parts! Please never change it, it's definitely a staple in your videos.
Wasn't expecting all that
Pizza rolls
I wish I knew you went to Seattle so I could meet you.
Amazing video. Using your platform for a great cause and trying to make a change, huge respect!
Why the hell is there 2000 dislikes on this video
I thought this was Coca Cola
Tell bill I have 2 Xbox
When the next pandemic hits im surtian its gonna be bacause of some anti-vax soccer mom.
YOU F***ING MET BILL GATES
"@billgates




That was pretty ballsy to make him pizza rolls
You have there  illegal activity.
Great video. People forget that rich people are still people. They still die without their money. Just like you and I.
What a great uncle letting kids do his work for him under a dirty bridge
I am so glad that this was invented and I am happy that Mark is advertising it because people will realize that we dont have a lot of water in the world. People dont have to boil water anymore they can just pour this tiny packet in and they will have clean water. I think that this little teeny tiny packet will save a lot of lives and good job Mark :)
Can you imagine how much could be achieved if a guy as rich as Bill Gates wanted to actually do some good? And I don't mean the tax deductive "charity" bs that rich people do with their foundations and NGOs, but actually compromising their lives and fortunes into really changing things for the less fortunate. Well, I guess Bill wouldn't be one of the richest men on the planet if he did that...
Amazing video man
Regular youtuber: BILL GATES CAME TO MY HOUSE AND I MADE HIS PIZZA ROLLS
Tap water is disgusting
yea and guess what happens when the whole world is on the western ideal... destruction for all
I have a question what happens to the chlorine released to kill the bacteria. Isn't chlorine poisonous and harmful to ingest?
"Mark: Where's my 20 Bucks Rainy
Rainy: Mommy!
Mark: (Laugh)"
"""What do you give me if I take a sip?""
A ride to the hospital..."
why have 2k people disliked this?
launch some missiles again
Seattle!!!! Checkteam
Who dislikes these?!!?
Wait wait wait..... the packet is made out of plastic.... why not make it biodegradable??
Watch at 1.25 speed
just use a life straw
I hope everyone reading this fufill their dreams... Mines to become a big YouTuber!!
Knowing my luck the 0.0001% virus that stays in the water will kill me somehow
I just realized this man makes 12 vids a year and I've been watching him for years
Stealing trend craves outro huh?
You absolutely amazing human person you are literally one of the best people ever
this man really met the most richest man ever (except for jeff) and decided to get him some pizza rolls, absolute mad lad
Am I the only one checking out Bill Gates kitchen appliances?   A small wine fridge for fruit is a great idea!   Also, not sure what that other one is..
Hey I love how you are trying to change the world,and make it better.
Mark, thanks for taking the time to make a video like this for a good cause. It really is inspirational and makes me want to find a way I can help out with a similar cause. I appreciate you being a good example for the rest of us!
you always make such great educational videos and i always learn something new
Be honest... this message was meant for Trump, right?
GO BILL GATES YOUR DA BEST
Lucky, meating bill gates
What a man.
My favourite name for it "narcissistic altruism".
I certainly learned something.  And you make a very logical reasoning why and how to help people in underdeveloped countries.  In many regards I have been against meddling with them, because people just giving them a fish. And they never learn how to fish themselves, and that don't help them.  And in some cases use giving them stuff, destroys their economy, because it takes jobs away from the people there.
"why , i see have coment ""I can purify water just by staring at it

All of the contaminants just flee in terror"""
Technically you can  live a week without water. Up to 3 weeks sometimes
"Makes 12 videos a year..
Has 6M subscribers"
I seriously appreciate what I have.
Could you do it with salt water?
Love you Mark, can't wait for your next video.
Playing Plague inc. has prepared me this knowledge on diseases
Imagine how much money he made in that 3 mins of this video
R.I.P. steve jobs
Bill Gates is soo obsessed with calling India Poor Country.... Fucker don't know the reality
Why only 12 videos a year
would you kiss bill gates or steve jobs
Rip the opportunity :(
A Japanese guy made the same thing in 1954. The technology is not new but is interesting to watch. I forgot the name of the Japanese guy that invented this.
What do you think about space X, since you work at nasa.
Well done.  Thank you for showing us this information.
Can you ask Bill Gates what has he done with Minecraft?
Damn.
I love this sneak-attack humanitarian video
OMG U WENT TO WASHINGTON, LIKE IF UR FROM WASHINGTON ST.
99.999 so what about the 00.0001?
23 on trending currently
Now you can say that you made pizza rolls for bill gates
My man could have got millions of views if he put bill gates in the title
You made Bill Gates pizza rolls.
What a legend he told one of the richest people in the world to drink dirt water
7:36 WALL- EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Smartest person alive = Isaac Newton
Make more vids
It supports our safety by fostering good relationships as well
No biggie, just chilling in a  $63,000,000 mansion.
Literally one of the smartest people on youtube. I get so excited to see that you posted. Great video Mark!
You need more people to see your videos. I feel like I just learned the universe just by watching your videos.
Bill Gates is awesome
Sold at a loss is the right thing to do?
Some quality HYDRO HYDROXIDE
This man made pizza rolls for Bill Gates. Wonderful.
What is this dudes IQ level, holy crap!!!!!
">reduces the need for military spending

And that's why the US military industrial complex will prevent world peace & stability from ever becoming more than a pipe dream."
About wall
Imagine being the richest man on earth.... than eating microwaved pizza rolls.
"If you ask me right now Lydia
Is the smartest living but for me Einstein an Hawkins would be the first well known"
But doesn't it only separate the mud and dirt from the water? What about other things contaminating the water that could lead to disease?
The kids were paid actors. I think it was obvious
Thanks, Mark Rober! You just made my life a little bit happier.
I wish Bill Gates was our president
You should have save Pewdiepie instead of The Earth
Shrek: GET OUT OF MY SWAAAAAMMMPPP!!!
Who downvoted this?
Who else came here from Snapchat?
8:27 when you have to take clips from games to get content
Nikola Tesla one of the best
Favorite YouTuber!!!!!
Bill Gates wants to reduce the Earth's population by a mine numbing amount!  try 7 billion people he wants to have removed from our planet and that maybe you included more than likely. Do you really think he cares about people in poor countries? Or people in general for that matter?
Mr gates poping up all over youtube.
When the grand-daddy of Xbox gives an (obligatory) shout-out to Nintendo.
This dude gets away with child labor all the time [jk]
Anyone started tearing up at the end?
Where's the rest of the interview?
Dude u r so inspirational
Red circle.....
This is a brilliant video!
Bill is such a humble guy
Shout out my neighbor bill
Idk why, but when he said he only makes 12 videos a year i had to check just to be sure...
Bill gates is not the richest
#labasuranoespartedelmar
Tartagrades
i appreciate you!
Monetary foreign aid actually damages developing countries.
6:19 xd xd xd
n o w t ha t s s o m e q u a l I t y h 2 o
You make me want to be an engineer
I am so thankful that the laundry guy invented this power
WALLEEEEEEEE
Why do you make 12 vids every 13 months?
All i am gonna say is that wen i grow up i hope that the worlds a better. Place the includes all
I'd still have to filter the water from the contaminants...
BOY GOT BILL GATES IN THIS VIDEO
Ok guys I hate to be that guy but... It's all good to save the world blah blah blah but if we don't let mother nature weed out the population then what will we do when the world is over population because we want to help everyone live??
So are you going to only make two more vids this year??????
wow this is gold
New year new hair
wait a second... Procter and Gamble own Gillette...hmmmm
i thought jeff bezos was the richest man alive
""" Where's me twenty bucks Kaity?""
""Mommy..."""
To do something so good, like saving Water makes me so happy to know someone is saves Lives for less fortunate Country
You should do 50 a year
Wait I have a question, How many packets do you need for a bottle of water
TINK1234GUN MUST BE STOPPPED.
forget about the water this man met bill gates in his house
Who Else Thinks Mark Needs To Have His Own TV Show On Science Channel
Wow bill gates ok then
i so was going to die if you said bill nye but you did not
Who heard Ben Phillips old into music
This savage mentioned Nintendo knowing damn well Bill Gates owns Xbox lmao
He all on trending like this comment
Thanks for the great video!!
Mommy
A good product from P&G, but I'm still not buying your razors Gillette.
2:31 "that's some high quality h20" bobby boucher from the waterboy
Yeast doesnt need water
First person to reply to this is gao
Come on ! Why you guys disliked this video ? His intention is pure and helpful and he put lots of efforts to make the video. And i know he does make profit from videos like this one, but like he said you guys can help him a bit so he will be able to save time and brainpower to make helpful videos .
Amazing. Absolutely amazing
5:33 Who else thought of The Llama Sir?
stop i cried
it gives me a wide range of emotions how you can see it separating, its not a time laps, it separates right infront of you. its not soppose to be possible but it somehow is
I doubt you and your friend Bill are drinking dirty water.
Sub to PewDiePie. Why not?
When the second richest guy in the world is standing next to you
Just eating pizza roles with Bill Gates, just another day.
Hii
water bears don't need water. Yay I out smarted someone who worked at NASA!
But could I take a massive crap after eating 7 bean burritos, in other words diarrhea. And purify it?"
I get the powder is supposed to separate water from mud, but does it kill germs?
we will never solve all the words problems. end of video.
When you accidentally click another video & have to go back and watch ads <
THIS BROKE ME TO TEARS 2:25
Bill gates is using to many big words.
unless you live in flint mi
8:55 don't forget hentai too.
12 videos a year, 6 mil subs
You make me want to believe int eh goodness of people again.. Thank you.
Incredible video with the most powerful message
These are the kinds of videos you should be making more of. Humble and honest, keep it up Mark!
"wouldn't you still wanna boil the water? or does it already have a built-in purification tablet type reaction


edit: nvm i know now"
S ientists don't believe in magic.
You got a new subscriber man........ Pretty terrific video BTW.
4:37 1% of germs: NANI!?
CONGRATULATIONS ON BEING IN GUINESS WORLD RECORD 2019!!!!!
Sacrificing kids for science!
Can it take salt out of water
Isn't the CEO of Amazon the richest man on Earth?
Can you use bleach instead?
Pause
"Dizzy" is actually by Joakim Karud I think
So, what about parasites?
Eewwuuwwwwwwweewwww
Nice Kitchen Gates!
"Dizzy" is actually by Joakim Karud I think
I think you can save the earth if you made billions of it
thank bill
This doesn't exist in my country at all and we need this
Sony is better
Is it sponsored by plague. Inc?
Nice
Bill Gates is a chill dude.
Is the packet plastic?
I can't tell who's the most intelligent, but I certainly know there's 2 thousand of the lesser provided of intelligence clicking the dislike button.
We didn't get to see whether BillG actually drank some of that water.  :-(
"4:52
North Korea"
8:28 is this plague inc XD
I call BS on that pandemic graphic.  Madagascar got infected waaaay to early
PLAGUE INC lol
This is amazing....
"Makes video with Bill Gates but doesn't put it in the title...



This guy is a legend (Arguable)"
Make another package bomb that sprays swamp water all over them
HIV and aids are the same
USA is a rich country with tons or homeless people?!?!?!?!?!?!
He ate da pizza rolls
plague inc
8:24 is that PLAGUE INC I SEE???
What movie is that 7:38
"Kono bangumi ha goran no suponsaa no teikyou de o okuri shimasu."
Jesus was the most intellegent.
Taste probably disgusting! Well I am grateful for having abundance clean water
Him using Plague Inc as an example made me laugh
This has to get more view!
9:54 thats true my computer progamming teacher is smarter than albert einstein his iq is like 180
first mkbhd and now mark robber
Use a lifestraw instead
YOU SHOOK BILL GATES HAND!!!!
At 0:26 what was THAT FA sounded like a weapon??????? How much did it cost to build? Effective Range? Skills needed? It sounded similar to a suppressed MP5.
This can actually change the world
"01:08
If I had a band that would be it's name"
"The hero we needed, but not the one we deserved.

Thank you for being awesome."
Awesome!!
love you
BILL GATES
Mark you are a inspiration and make learning fun you deserve to always be on trending keep doing what your doing.
1:07 if Logan Paul was in zootopia, filming the super dead possum
watched a minute of this video and subbed, love you
eeyyy.. it's the amazon sponsored guy..
Mark, totally agree with you on foreign aid but as long is NOT from the USA. :)
You were in Seattle!? That's awesome! I wish I would of known!
You should post two times a month because each year you only post 12 videos a year therefore less subscribers
When Mark Rober makes a video I stop what ever I am doing and watch the video... just me.. ok
Actually the richest man in the world is Jeff bezos
2:01 he has definitely done this before
"You can see him guilt tripping Bill Gates.

Bill Gates is already donating everything he has."
Tldr England needs a new colony
I love your videos man, I learn so much from them. Keep it up!
We need to fix our country before we can help others
That's sum high quality H2O
Love dix - Bill Gates
Teach a man to fish, does he know that comes from Jesus.
What about the 0.00001 percent of bacteria?
How about we just nuc them and call it a day.
Wait... I thought Stephen Hawkings was the smartest person
What about all the microorganisms??
This was epic
Why not help them learn how to clean their water?
Will this work on a pond?
The 2000 dislikes own stock in bottled water companies
I will show this video in class to teach my students :) Keep up the good work man.
"You trolled Bill Gates in thinking he was going to get food he actually likes. 
That was quite mean.
But awesome video man."
Richest man alive lol
Meets bill gates: doesnt put it in the title or thumbnail
They are going to make a way to take the mud out of there
This video was made at my birthday
8:24 That's from Plague Inc. xd
You have parasites.
Bro only a little powder and it cleaned a whole bottle now thats a lifesaver
How about if it's poo water.
Thank you.
I love your channel, just freaking love it. Thank you!
forces children to get him muddy water
You're amazing man ,inspiring.
About time :)
Do you live in Seattle?
Man gotta love bill gates
He actually used plague Inc lol
bill gates has never eaten pizza rolls?
"8:25 
Am I the only one that realized this is from a mobile game?"
Tell Bill to fix Xbox servers and make better controllers
He is not the richest man on earth
wow amazing. Thanks Mark
going to pour this in bleach so its safe to drink.
Who else was astounded that he actually met bill gates
Someone should make a generic version so we don't have to give P&G any money. Also, I'm unsure if this video is some sort of propaganda about foreign aid. There's still lots of problems in our own countries, and globalists go too far with giving money to other countries that they don't actually need.
Didnt Shrek tell you plenty of times to stay out of HIS swamp?
Rip the possum
"Great video and idea.
Thanks !"
Where does the powder come from?
"Whos the most intelligent person in the world?

Mawk Rover        Hahahaha"
I wouldn't trust that water just because it's clear
Im a fan, but, bill gates is not the richest man. Jeff bezos is.
"9:38
Albert Einstein advocated for a command economy"
"Iohjdbjgygyjgjghvjghjgvhhggjvgjvgfnhgjgfsfhgmsfmhgshifusvisvfcitfsmhsibcmiuabciftabitncatcaiaftcatifcbduaycdikob,oiz





Best part is 11:36
0:44 creeps me out
I'll stick to the tap thank you.
Holy frick, you met Bill Gates.
TIL Bill Gates had never tried pizza rolls until this video.
Pythagorus was far smarter than Einstein...
Mark, you're the real mvp.
6:20. No words.
What if you make a man made lakes and fill it with dirty water then add the power bing bang boom world saved
I live in Seattle!
Great Video!!! But your wrong about one thing.... Jeff Bezos is the richest man on the planet. Not Bill Gates
"clean" ?? what about the bacteria?
Can It clean Ganges River? That is promising...
He met my idol omg
i never knew how bill gates looked
9:21 and then they made anime
Mommy...
Loved this video! I agree about this concept of helping other countries to rise up and let them share there full potential with the rest of the world.
Marques interview Bill Gates in the same house
Has the gentleman who developed this earned a Nobel Peace Prize? Because there is a hell of a case to make there.
Send millions of these to Flint Michigan.
I like that Bill gates eating pizza rolls and waiting in line for a burger like a normal person.

is that a water boy reference i hear?"
This guy used Plague Inc. Gameplay in his vid... bruh moment 8:25
I want to see this done with water from the Gowanus Canal
Nice simulation with Plague Inc
Great science. Terrible economics.
My guess: The flocculant powder is ground bentonite blended with ferrous sulphate. It's already used by many municipal water treatment plants to treat wastewater in settling ponds before release into rivers or lakes.
I find it funny when you where talking about disease you should plague inc (not that disease is funny)
8:28 I see we have a plague inc. player. You want to grab some cold resistance. Seems like you need it
Ha there were 13 stripes on the us
Is this thanos water
This nibba got bill gates
YOUR VIDEOS ARE SO GOOD KEEP IT UPP :)
That P&G powder is a pre-filter, to increase the life of a ceramic filter (and increase the cleaning interval).  The chlorine will shorten the life of berkey water elements (deplete the carbon filters)
You were on a article on achieve 3000
...Now we drink
how can you dislike this video
1:40 Girl never make a deal with a mad  scientist from nasa.
only 12 vids a year but still makes millions
2k idiots should never get water on their life and die out of thrust
the world just isnt as good as you are :/ thats the sad truth
2nd richest * cough cough jeff bezos*
I really love this message of this video! So well thought out and importsant
Who will win? The richest man alive, or a man who made basically a scientific rc car on another planet.
That plague inc scene tho
Hay NASA boy the earth is flat
This was really wonderful!
"richest man on planet Earth" I didn't know you were meeting with Jeff Bezos?
I clean water using a method called "evaporation" it's way easier
I'd rather watch this kind of videos than playing games actually
Who the hell dislikes a video like this??
BiLl GaTeS
Instead of giving foreign aid money to help the countries, we should fund the company selling the packets, therefore impacting a larger variety of people, instead of giving it to a country directly not knowing what it would go towards
2:58 so i can put my dog in water xd
What are you doing in my SWAMP
Best video i have seen in a long time! Doesnt matter that You dont upload often, cause the amount of effort and energy put into each video is incredible! Good job man!
What would happen if you put a ton of that powder in the ocean? Genuinely curious
"Jeff Bezos is actully the richest, not bill gates
bill gates is the richest AMERICAN, but not person"
bill gates is big in to agenda 21. this is not for him
Sorry about the Mars rover Mark
"Help yes, but at what point does the ""help"" end. And what do we do if  after seeing us help them? They can't all come here... 

Its a wonderful thing to help people.  But i think the biggest problem is that we don't think about what to do after we have helped.  We have so much bloat and people profiting immensely by fudging numbers and no oversight.  Which all revolves around the fact that these companies are formed to help people and take donations, except it's actually quite profitable to be a nonprofit so they don't really want the to ever stop helping."
i cant believe a rich man ate pizza rolls, does that mean i am : )
I wonder what pizza rolls taste like....
Where do you get those packets?
So viruses can be killed?
1:08 its just playing dead its obvious
only guy i know who is able to get in touch with one of the richest people in the world in a few days
Colt 45 remix huh
What if we tell a rich person and tell them to help us buy millions of the pacts and dump it in the ocean
you should make more videos than 12 a year! i love your work it inspires me and alot of close friends of mine!!! Keep up your great work haha





Mommy"
where do you get those, is it available near by market?
I have to admit, Bill Gates was a surprise.
Countries don't donate or help poor overpopulated countries, because their a threat if they Evolve and become a successful country.
1:38 a kiss
Casually talks to 2nd richest person on earth like friend
They used plague inc. Watch out for that copyright  :x
SAVE THE FRIKIN KIDS
9:48 Lmao
06:20
This is a well made and very educational video with a great message behind it. I haven't had much faith in humanity these past few years but this definitely gave me a glimmer of hope.
This channel is a conspiracy.
Nice work, Mark!
That's plaque inc
I would like to know where to buy some of this  P&G Purifier of Water product.
And after we send all the 3rd world countries our trillions of dollars and clean water they will re-pay our gratitude with loyalty and respect, right?  Maybe that was the case in the 40s :(
This needs to be trending, oh wait...
Here before 3,000,000,000,00
9:45 so cute XD
"man
IT'S FOKIN BILL GATES"
"""Is there a scenario where, beyond altruism, it's in the best interest of the rich to help the poor?""

Or you could just, y'know, dismantle capitalism."
I tought it was a shampoo sachet
society must also see men as equally as women, society sees them as tools for women to manipulate and use, if society did not treat them that way we wouldnt have as many violent men as we do now.
Um why would you wanna diagnose malaria in someone.thats terrible
8:26 haha Plague Inc.
This is fantastic
At 8:48 that is plague inc
Ey this is great and reminds me of everyone was asking if I watched the glitter bomb
"I talk to my cat
This man talks to bill gates"
is that BILL GATES
Swamp water? You mean; Gamer fuel?
Bill Gates is no longer the richest man on earth
Where can I get these packets??
Can you see if you can clean soda/pop
YouTube really love this guy.
I like that plague.inc B-roll
Murdering every homeless person I see (To save the world)
Mother Earth needs more people like you doing this stuff. I was born in the Caribbean so I understand first-hand what you're saying. Save nature and we save us!
How can there be 2K people that dislike this video? It's giving a great message to help others! F...k that people!
Great video
"8:23





Is it sponsered by plauge inc.?"
The hero we need but not the hero we deserve
Super cool mindest!
I dont know how to spell his name but baysos is richer than bill gates has ever been
William James siddis?
Sound hurts my ears
Child labour
8:24 copy right claimed by Plague Inc.     Just kidding.
Drinking purified water
"Capitalism wins, yet again.
However, if these people want clean water, they could just boil their water, not like fire is a hard resource to get your hands on..."
How much whould you need to put in a dirty river or ocean for it to work?
Solid video.
Get out of me swamp?
I live in seattle the u District
">makes video with bill gates
>doesn't put it in the title
>doesn't put ads on the video"
the like ratio is insane
Why you were never in a YouTube rewind video, instead we have ninja and will smith, YouTube you suck
"Next video
I'm terribly sick..."
Hey you uploaded this on my moms 50th birthday!
africans dont have food. thats a bummer
Chlorine is still not that healthy...
I'm disappointed you didn't do a microscope test before and after the packets.
Bill Gates helping Monsanto take over the world! Awesome....
Thanks P&G for saving the world. But it was a guy who invented the powder? Bet he is toxicly masculin.
Thanks Mark.
Nothing New, just met bill gates totally not that proud
Why do people dislike this video? 2k is a lot of people, for a video that helps other people I need.
NASA better be scared
Why is he only uploading 12 videos a year btw?
I have noticed that most people who use the word "Science" as a monolithic entity/process are either impossibly ignorant or confidence men.
Argument of stability is weak because nations usually don't export terrorists as long as we didn't help to f*ck this country up. 2nd argument is better.
What happens if you feed Scooby from Scooby Doo the purified power
:)
I can't believe people actually thumbs downed this video, this is incredible stuff, really uplifting!
"Please make another video with the package stealers
That was awesome and we need more."
This is so inspiring. Now I wanna start volunteering and helping people
https://joinkgm.co/r/NiiaBenitez
Can I purify my pee to drink
the people who disliked are probably trump supporters
"I have one question





1.does he really upload 12 times a year"
A+
Just put it in the ocean
"When you're in the house of one of the richest people on earth:




makes pizza rolls"
I can see this being more useful when combined with a rudimentary 2L filter made with charcoal, gravel, and sand. Still far from perfect, but it's cheap.
Why did I feel like crying about the fact that there are people whose sole purpose is to help the less fortunate
"Attention bill gates loves Dix 



Burgers"
Look up "Omniprocessor designed and built by Janicki Bioenergy"    His foundation funds some of its work...
5:52 second richest man not first ;)
He got his 20 bucks, and lived happily ever after...
# help the poor
b i  l  l      g  a  t  e  s
What movie is that? 7:36
I love the water boy reference
I'm not going to do anything with that one, but I'll put something in this one..yeah okay, then what was the point in getting the water from there anyway? And one more question, what's with the finger in the mouth?
can't wait till the ASA is founded. :)
what if you pour tons of the powder into a small lake?
epic
"You can survive 3 weeks without food" False. I went 30 days with nothing but water and I'm completely fine.  Some people have gone much longer.
Was that Bill Gates
Wtf this man is with bill gates
I love the message of this video that we should help others that are less fortunate, and it even can benefit both parties
God bless
Great video!!!
8:25 plague Inc?
Wow this video is mind-changing
Humans are a virus. If we help developing nations prosper they will only contribute to the destruction of the environment.
At 8:24 he took that from plauge inc
Hmm two videos with bill gates with two large youtubers now thats a PR stunt
YOURE GONNA GET CHOLORA!!
8:25 pleuge inc
Those people in the shithole countries without water its 100% their fault that they dont have water.
Why dont we kill Bill Gates and feed all the poor people on the planet and find them a home with his money?
1 video to pay rent
8:27 that's plague inc
not all heroes wear capes
8:24 nice plague.inc demonstration you got there
1:39 head
8:30 thats plague inc
8:23 Plage Inc.
wait howd you get bill nye in a video??!! :-0
They should change the packaging to maybe something either non plastic or recyclable
He spit the water out theres a cut and then theres water by his left foot nice try
I sent a letter saying he would be a good president but I don't know it he ever got it. It was about 2 to 3 year's ago I can't even remember if my mom put it in the mailbox but she did ( I think) there were more than the president thing ( I think) but he is a busy man that probably gets a lot of letters. Or I just never got there. Or he did but never responded which is ok I understand. A great example of wasting intelligence is Elon musk he is smart but is doing nothing really.
Alrightwhere's my $20? " mommy " lmao

Mommy."
"Seeing this gives me a hope there's still good people in this world. Lately I've been exposed to a lot of negative news throughout the world.. But seeing this makes me feel like I wanna contribute the world myself... It's not a dream to make every child happy and to have clean clothes, water and education every day, it's a reality that we must work on .. For if we don't , our humanity will be lost forever ! 

#HelpTheWorld"
No way you came to Seattle!
So the point of the chlorine is to kill the bacteria right? But then we drink that chlorine and call it safe drinking water? Good meme
Is no one gonna talk about how he used footage from plague ink?
To save pewdiepie from tseries
Ur channel is so good
I freaking love you mark
Wow, Bill Gates, how cool is that?  I guess Mark is a "somebody" now!  Great product!  Makes me think about how blessed I am living in the USA.  I truly don't know adversity, my clean water is 15 steps away.
09:58 it was actually a man who was so intelligent that he was so that he went insane because his mind literally ran out ot "storage space". He then died of a heart attack aged 26
Bill Gates is getting more and more like  Woody Allen every day!
BILL GATESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
MARK MADE A VIDEO WITH A FEATURE FROM BILL GATES AND DIDN'T MENTION IT IN THE THUMBNAIL OR THE TITLE.
Just so you all know there was 5 kids during filming but one of them got eaten by a giant chicken in the swamp water.
Can you do a video on how far down you can dig a hole
DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER (to save the world) Ft. Bill Gates*
Richest? What about Jeff Bezos?
2:36 Me
Now I am inspired to help people
I thought bill gates already knew about those cleaning packets from a Jimmy fallon interview with bill gates about bill pranking jimmy.
8:58 I love that smooth plug he did right there.
why don't u make more videos Instead of only doing 12 year?? why put an arbitrary restriction on yourself that no-one cares about?? you're just short changing yourself and your exposure
or those bacteria that lives in lava
Glad i found this in trending
Hi
this was really wholesome!! :)
Whoa, love you mark
Mark Rober, I just wanted to thank you SO much for creating these videos. You educate people all over the world, while at the same time you provide entertainment. So thank you. For making the world just a bit more happy with every video.
how about tartagrates in space
Well, if they want more people to use it they obviously have to sell it for cheap so everyone can afford it.
Jeff Bisos is the richest person on earth
God damn you inspire me
@flint
Bill gates seems like such a down to earth person
The song at 5:30 isn't Dizzy like the description said. It's actually Crushing You By Ty Lova
Try telling that to Trump
"8:24 Is that from the game Plague Inc.?

BTW I Love your videos, they're great"
No. Since The Process of Fracking Happens At Groundwater, This can contaminate the water SO BAD, it can SET YOUR WATER ON FIRE. Yes, with methane, since the chems have to find a way out into the ozone layer. Just watch the documentary of GasLand.
you did not get that water from under that bridge.
Well guess what I can turn clean water dirty just by touching it
idk why but I cried on the last part of the video talking about people who's living day by day finding clean water
Isn't HIV the same as AIDS?
I watched it youtube are you happy?
woah!
Damn... Now I feel bad for watching this on a pirated copy of windows. I'm going to use linux until I can pay for windows.
#egoisticaltruism
congratulations you ended racism
Drinking that water is a stomach ache waiting to happen
Who was here before trending?
i see your point and i agree, but this approach to the topic neglects that every human life is worth saving regardless of how much they will contribute to the rest of humanity.
Such a damn good video.
Why you only do 12 vids a year
Wonder if you can add something to it to take salt out of ocean water!?
mark i was eating pizza rolls while whatching this
He mentioned sony, toyota, against xbox, they beat it, and american car industry was ruined by asian cheaper cars
Jokes on you' you got the brain eating amoeba
8:30 are sposored by plague.inc??
Just use soap smh
I would want to drink that too
Excuse me but i want to see the 2nd richest man on the planet drink some swamp water
Laundry Scientist finds way to clean water all around the world
Excuse me, Sir! Great video and all.. But I am more interested in teleporting Mario technology. Could you please do a video on that?
How does you drinking water save the world tho
if u had (with bill gates) in the title u would get easy money
Bill gates is awesome
\(@/((0)))\@)/
You p let make twelve videos a years wowthatas a lot for what you do
Great video Mark!! cant believe Bill was in there aswell! This video totally changed my mind on how and why we should help less fortunate countries
if bill gates drops a 100 dollar bill on the ground its literally not worth his time to stop and pick it up
You truly are the best content creator Mark. Amazing!
"8:24 
p l a g u e . i n c"
"I want to donate! 

But the UK webpage is not available on the website!!!"
8:24 he is playing plague inc
BILL GATES THO
yes water its necessary but how you find food for all the poor people?
"Where's my 20 bucks 

Mommy 

He really met freaking Bill Gates........
LoL I had that game
If you would've asked me who was the smartest person alive I would've said Dr. Sebeti
"Very cool product.   
Chlorine compounds kill bacteria.  I wonder if they tested it for Cryptosporidium ?   Chlorine does not kill Cryptosporidium.   But the oocysts are large enough maybe they get pulled down in the flocculent?"
Child slavery
Tried it with my toilet water.  Has a nasty aftertaste.
Bill gates , please hire me for QQ and RD. If anything I'm good at acronyms . Lol
Lol plague inc
"invites bill gates
gives him pizza rolls 
outstanding move"
who wouldve thought that a youtuber would get the worlds richest man to like pizza rolls
"Mark: did I tell you to say that 
Little girl: yess
Mark: why you!"
OKAY YOUTUBE I WATCHED IT, HAPPY?
"Normal Mark Rober video:


Randomly f**king Bill Gates is here"
Only 6 Pizza Rolls? I eat almost 20 at a time
0/10 he didn't die of Dysentry
8:25 is that gameplay from Plauge inc. ? XD
Slight complaint, Bill gates isn't the richest man anymore, Jeff bezos beats him now
One word about Bill Gates: Honor!
"Why do people keep picking out the irrelevant stuff in the video but not seeing the bigger picture?

Edit:people in this comment section"
If only the dirt particles would float on top
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP
Casually meets Bill Gates
Amazon is richer than bill
Do more videos! You are a mathematical wonder!
What..... No way man, you met with... Thee Bill Gates.... How did you score that??... All in the name of science, but still mind blown right now haha, that's awesome.
can i drink piss with this?
What if we have an insane amout of this powder, and throw it in the ocean..Would it clean it?
This is amazing
Love the work you put into this video. Love bill too haha! I have hope in our future!
girl at 8:05 deadass got a bowl full of berries on her head
rip mars curiousity rover :'(
Neat
NAH most people can live way way way more than 3 weeks without food
If the powder is so cheap to make they should sell it for a penny more so they can manufacture more
Thought you'd also talk about how the clumps get bigger and bigger, and sedimentation speed is affected by particle size. I thought this was also a cool little tidbit of colloid chemistry.
What would happen if you put a whole bunch of those packets in the parts of the ocean that is really messed up
Bill seems so great, hard to imagine he let something as bad as the Xbox happen
"When he brings out the water instead of burgers.






Am I a joke to you?"
You rock man!
Woah.... You just changed my mind about developing countries
Wow I'd never think about you meeting Bill Gates. Nice Video
I love pizza rolls
What... LOL. 15 seconds in and I'm already saying wtf.
5:31 REASEARCH
You know those are iraqi soldiers not terrorists ? Right i didn't expect that from a scientist like you i thought  your bigger then these things but i was apparently wrong
that's some high quality H2O right there
"""Hiv, aids, and milaria combined""
Me an intillectuall: isn't hiv and aids the same thing.

Also note: he had 3 fingers up when saying these"
Very interesting, I love this.
Love it.
Meh, let's just bomb them, they look different.
Bill Gates omg
Who would dislike this video?
"What are you doing in my swamp?!


NOOOOO"
easy 20$
Never mind the silly little water packets. I want to know how the green teleportation pipe works!
Nice to see you going to Seattle! That is where I live
Its a possibility.......................... possibly...
there are too many people on earth so we dont have that many resources for every one. that's why we don't resolve the problems.
sorry to hear about opportunity....it did such great things for our knowledge of mars.  thanks to all who contributed!!!
actually the most intelligent person to ever live is thought to be William James Sidis with an IQ estimated to be 50-100 higher than Albert Einstein.
Wondering, how the actual ***k did you get to know the richest man in the world?
How about a new internet fundraiser/challenge to raise awareness and encourage donations of these packets to developing countries? Like the ice bucket challenge.
HE MET BILL GATES NO WAY SHOUT OUT FOR BILL GATES
WHERE CAN I BUY THE PACKET ?
He got to meet bill gates, wears his cap backwards
Wish I knew Mark Rober was in Seattle! Would've shown him around the city... GO HAWKS & GO DAWGS!!!
Great video as always Mark. Supporting a good cause.
Adolf Hitler*
2:23 did you forget there was dead opossum in the water
Only makes 12 videos a year.... gotta pay rent 12 months per year... coincidence? I think not!
This can very easily change the world for the better
What about that 0.01 percent
What if we took a bunch of these and poured it into a lake
ur cool
Rob can you adopt me as your nephew- I'm weak and want to meet gates.......
Possum not opossum dafuq
Can it make saltwater safe to drink?
I don't see why communist hate people like Gates
Oh yeah i remember a guy used the powder to clean his childhood lake
Bill gates is so humble
Can we clear all of the dirty bad lakes
FINE YOUTUBE ILL WATCH THIS DAMN VIDEO
Isn't Jeff Bezos richer though?
"Me with all my problems 

Rob: Where's my 20 bucks
Would be me: Mommmm..............




Brother: Hey did you do the laundry
Me: Mommmmmm........."








It was shaggy with rick and morty +0.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001% power





But really I thing it was nikolas tesla"
"i'm just here to notify you that the militants at 08:11 are citizen volunteers from my country (Iraq) who put their lives on the brink of danger (many lost it too) to fight isis, it's very inappropriate to show them as extremists.
i know this is an honest mistake, but it doesn't hurt to notify, maybe in the future your editor could be more careful in choosing footage for videos."
Dysentery has entered the chat
What happens to the chlorine?
Wiat you only make 12 vids a year?i could have sworn there were more , maybee i heard wrong
WASHINGTON RULES
His name was king Soloman
"Regurgitate what someone else told you and put your own insignificant spin on it to look smart to smartless people, ie. The masses, and in the end come up with literally nothing new, ever.  College. 
What do you call it when you come up with an idea all on your own to then find out that some genius discovered the same idea in the past?  So yes someone else did discover said concept years before you but aren't you at least just as smart for coming up with the same idea on your own like they did?"
Lol plague inc at 8:25, fun game
2:01 dam girl doing hand jobs early
This didnt get age restricted for opposum but filthy frank is
8:24 was that plague inc?
8:25 Sweden is safe:)
Its feels so good to know that people around the world are taking into consideration that humanity needs help and are making an amazing difference in the lives of so many, this is just another great example of many.
"Bill Gates: I'm gonna beat Jeff Bezos be the richest man again
 
Jeff: Hold my Beer

Jeff's wife: Hold these Divorce papers"
Mark, your channel is literally the ethically best channel
Does it work with salt
Wow! This video made me reeeeeaaalllyyy think. Thank you for this.
8:23 Plague Inc. lol
Life straw has left the chat
If it has chlorine in it, dosent that mean your drinking chlorine?
Can you help pewdpie pass t series
"""I'm not going to do anything ridiculous.""


Gets Bill Gates to show up."
At 4:11 I hear the sound of those magnetic eggs that you toss in the air to make a buzzing sound!
P&G... Nuff said ... you said not sponsored, you said not a sales pitch, then in walks Bill.
Bless this man
You gotta throw the whole mouth away
"Going to make the richest man in the world some pizza rolls:


-  Steve Bezos cries"
Wtf, what... is this... nah
Marino Morikawa, a peruvian man made something like this, he clean the Titicaca lake!
Bill gates? BILL GATES? how
8:30 Me: "*GASP* Plague inc!"
Bill gates gets 140$ per sec and he got a Beautiful kitchen
"I don't think it will work for sewage water...






Because its not even water (well kinda)"
What is the Ph level of the water after you add the powder?
you're drinking it for views clicks and ad revenue ... this is not saving the world


https://youtu.be/UYj4f0WWOSo"
KKK
Just because you asked so nicely in the end...I subscribed
hiv and aids? ist it the same thing?
microsoft
Who makes a video with Bill Gates in it and doesn't put him in the title?!
2nd richest man, jeff bezos is like 50 billion dollars richer than gates.I like Bill gates so much better.
Wait... 12 videos a year?!
whers the 20 mommy hahaha :D
Lmao when you emphasize Nintendo In front of the boss of Microsoft/Xbox
"Jesus can walk on water
Babies are 80% water
That's why i'm in jail."
The richest man on earth, to my knowledge, is Jeff Bezos.
"FRIEND: Oh what are you doing this afternoon?
Mark: oh nothing, just meeting with Bill Gates. No big deal"
Sounds great but also horrific if done without care.... you are as cause to ignorant mass immigration of roaches who seeking out more freebies and abusing kindness.... fed people to reproduce crazy and not to become civilized and self sustaining ,prosperous and wholesome unfortunately , be more honest and care !
Bill gates seems like a nice guy
All 12 videos you post a year are amazing counting this one
"This is amazing!
Nice video!!!
"1
(Almost)"
the song 5:30 Dizzy - Andrew Applepie is actually by Joakim Karud. :)
"5:30 
where I will find this song"
12 videos a year...ouch
Mark, totally off subject. It saddens me the opportunity Rover is no longer communicating with Earth.  I followed the rovers since day one.
For Bill Gates, $1,000 is like a penny.
Yo I honestly thought bill gates was dead
At 8:27 he that's from a video game called plague inc
Why do you make only 12 videos a year!?
I refuse to believe Bill Gates never ate pizza rolls before this video
Can this be sent to Flint, Michigan?
Evil man thought: If we provide africans with water, they will generate more kids surviving to adulthood and those will try to get to our countries (Europe here...) destroying our cultures and social systems... Hey, I don't want that.
This mans probably had never had pizza pockets (Bill Gates)
Upload more vids pls dude...
Approved by Shrek
We know brother, you eat diamonds."
When the kids dress more like an adult than the adult
Einstein? Man what about the other great Aristotle and Ptolemy's , shucks, school needs to teach more.
Nice water boy reference
shrek has joined the chat
Love ducks he said
untapped brainpower... so this fool thinks the untapped brainpower of Africans will revolutionalise the world? So how about 1000s of years ago when all races were on equal ground.
What type of sorcery is this
Dude Mensa must is the Ritchest person
2:30 HEY WATER BOY, YOUR FIRED
Orsome video
what about tardugrades then can live with out water
Like the clean water idea but keep the politics out of it. I can smell it. Dislike
Wtf is Bill Gates doing on peoples youtube channels now?
So is the powder safe to eat
I live in Zambia and that was so inspiring due to the fact that my country is developing
Excellent video, still a crappy thing to present him a bag of his favorite burgers and then showing some sewer water instead. I hope you had some burgers afterwards
"This is such a brilliant video! It's just so intellectually satisfying and then to top it all off you got Bill Gates into the video! 

This is a YouTube video done at 101%."
hi bill
You only make 12 videos a year?
Bill gates and marques brownlee also did a video together
Did he really show a plaque inc clip for a diese other then Ebola ooooooof
You just talked with Bill Gates...... like...WHAT!!!
1:01 lemme take a selfie
Meanwhile, the U.S. is $22 trillion dollars in debt and WHEN (not if) our economy  collapses, the World will not be such a good place to live in, so let's just keep borrowing and spending money.  Mark, for a scientist, you don't seem to smart in economic mathematics..
Best YouTuber by far
There is another person that made a solution like that and he is cleaning Indias biggest lake
This guy never uploads but has more subs than most YouTube channels
Very very very good video all the way around!
Wtf did you just talk to Bill Gates and made him fricking pizza rolls for a video?
No one said steven hawking because he's british
I think my jaw would drop standing next to one of the richest man on the planet
No steven Hawkins like what the he'll
Bro he met bill gates wtf
Want to save the world? Stop using straws
Could u possibly make more videos more often
Hes like funny valentine
you are not saving the world if you dont stop t series
BILL GATES
Im so inspired by this video, from this day on i will try to help as many people as i can who are in need cause together we are stronger
That guy would be a trillionaire
3:11 i watched that video , india's dying mother yamuna.
Wish I could meet bill gates!
well, I consider water bears an exception.
You could upload once a year and I would still be hyped the entire time
hello my name is shi thead
6:19 HOL UP
Drinking chlorine is safe?
nice video, the dead possum wasn't required but ok lmao
that's like $80 of pizza rolls
So cool
Shrek wants to know your location
Can't believe I haven't discovered you sooner.
"Drinking sewage water....






I SAVED THE WORLD 
BILL GATES
2:25 whats the point of resting all of the material contaminants at the bottom, if your going to put your straw that close to it before taking a drink :P
You made a setting tank but that only makes the water look good to can still contain a lot of harmful things without further processing.
8:48 Mark had to say Nintendo because Bill Gates is over Microsoft, and Xbox PlayStation and switch all compete with each other. XD
You met bill gates
"9:33 Nobody answered ""Nikola Tesla"". Disappointing.
But at least they didn't answer ""Steve Jobs"" to that question."
"5:51 Jeff bezos is the richest person in the world



 (r/iamverysmart replies incoming)"
But where does the chlorine go ive been working on a chlorine project at school and im pretty sure chlorine is poisenes so where does the chorine go?
You should do a wood bridge on sink that holds a lot of weight
Plague Inc.
What are those packets called I wanna buy some?
A true video that deserves its spot on the trending page
Lol pirated windows xd
#VALUE!
OMG I'm so glad you're back. I was worried that the hiccup with the last video had discouraged you from making more. Welcome back man. I'm looking forward to seeing more from you. My son and I love your videos.
Colt 45!
I really appreciate your commitment to show the world that science is advancing very well. For that, I'm gonna subscribe to your channel even if this is my first video and I'm only to 02:47 into this video.
Drinking swamp water to save pewdiepie
When Asians and Indonesians throw trash and rubbish into their rivers, it's theirs problem they haven't clear water.
This is how I purify water I boil it and put it in the freezer.
3:30 there is no way that some nasty water has killed more people than aids, HIV and malaria combined, considering that malaria has killed HALF of all the people that have ever lived
Slovenia did use it tho cough
Absolute mad lad
1:59 "Oh yeaaa" That girl knows already what she will do 10 years later to his man. :D (Damn I feel dirty)
"3:16

Causes more deaths than HIV, AIDS, and Malaria combined?

Isn't HIV and AIDS basically the same thing? 
Like HIV + some other infection = AIDS?
I thought HIV can't kill all by itself?

It seemed like he added a disguised +0 to the equation to make it more dramatic...
Math teachers tend to do this as well, just to make math exams seem more dramatic ;)"
We have more problems in canada. Hyper.
I didnt know you only made 12 per year...
Does bill gates have an iPhone?
8:23 plague inc
Put that in the ocean and shake it for five minutes
But did ya get diarrhea from drinking that water?
Nice
I thought Nikola Tesla
ON TRENDING
A nice idea but the road from third world to first world is not as easy as distributing packets of clean water. The amount of corruption in these places are the main reason why they aren't good places to live. The entire culture of these countries would have to be rewritten like how we influenced Japan and Germany in WW2 but that was after a war. The best thing to do is to let them be. Let them burn coal for energy, let them  make their own shoes and clean their own water. Let them grow up. We are not their caretakers
"Marvel: avengers infinity war is the most ambitious crossover yet
Mark rober and Bill gates : hold our beers"
Why do you only make 12 videos a year? 6mil subs by doing 12 videos a year? Doesn't make sense.
More people, more buyers.
Bill Gates is Bernard from Day Of The Tentacle
12 videos, 6 million subscribers. You are a hero.
Mark noticed me!
Even I would like to that in my channel though,
No offence,
Nice vid though."
Does it separate the dihydrogen monoxide?
so Bill Gates wants countries to do well so they can buy Microsoft. Got it. Now I understand
You can't barge in Shrek's swamp like that man!
"just pretend i said something funny.


please like"
#5 on trending!!! You deserve it man!!!
This is quality content we all need to see
Props for not clickbating about bill
I don't know that i could drink that...
geez i love 2times speed up
Bill Gates! Nice.
8:25 if you want to know the game its plauge inc.
big evil corporation making magic water powder.... OMG OMG OMG TAX THEM!
Wonder what happens when you put the powder in a medium sized pond
Cool vid  dude your really inpiriring your definitely my favourite person to watch thanks alot:)
Cool!
Thank you for your service
Is is just me or is that crazy rap/cold fro t 5 1:25
I'm just commenting to increase the audience it gets
Very interesting vid! Thanks for posting it and God bless! Super glad ppl are make a diff in the lives of others esp those in need!
I dont think its okay that your a adult and you friends are little kids
Oh my god he actually gave Bill Gates Pizza Roles
PLAGUE INC
Bill Gates is not the richest man in Earth he was but not anymore
Why only 12 vids a year
Why didn't you ask him how it feels not being the richest man anymore
8:25 plague inc
This episode reminded me that you are a huge freaking nerd :D "that's some high quality H2O"
Sippin on straight chlorine...
You should make a system where a car regulates a certain temperature so you do not have to take the time to heat up a car on a cold day.


U should make more Videos
I love you
Where can i buy these?
PLAGUE. INC!!!
Bill gates saving lives but stoles your privacy ;)
Wtf how'd you get Bill Gates
"Wheres my 20$?






mommy"
How someone can dislike this video?
He really cares!
12 vids a year?
Casually hit up bill gates
....why?
Is it really safe ?
You can filter water with coal, sand, ash ... And then you boil the water ... It's not enough I know, but it's at least that ... (obviously the people who die of thirstiness don't have acces to ANY WATER AT ALL)
"- Where is my 20 bucks ? 
- Mom ?"
So Mark Rober's video doesn't get demonetized for showing a dead rat, but moutrap channels that show dead mice and rat floating on water gets demonetized? Nice job youtube.
"There are people legit having war for.....
Water"
damn it why does bill gates have to be so cool and likable
chlorine is really toxic for you though
How do you just know bill gates?
Wow you came to washington i live very close to seattle very close only 25 mina away
Since 2009??
try to find a cure for canser becouse its a big proplem in every country
Wow
You drank that? That's nasty, your nasty
noun
the state or fact of having a duty to deal with something or of having control over someone.
""a true leader takes responsibility for their team and helps them achieve goals""
synonyms: authority, control, power, leadership, management, influence; duty
""we train those staff who show an aptitude for managerial responsibility""
the state or fact of being accountable or to blame for something.
""the group has claimed responsibility for a string of murders""
synonyms: blame, fault, guilt, culpability, blameworthiness, liability
""the organization denied responsibility for the bomb attack at the airport""
the opportunity or ability to act independently and make decisions without authorization.
""we would expect individuals lower down the organization to take on more responsibility""


No, it is not developed nations responsibility to help developing nations. Once you say it is a responsibility than it is an obligation even if it came to be at the deficient of your own nations people.
Is it in the best interest for both that developed nations to help developing nations? Absolutely, as you have laid out in your video."
E. Coli sounds good at this time of  year
6:20 I died
Kh
The only downside I see to this is the massive amount of plastic packaging used to make these little packets. Why not put them in water soluble capsules or compressed tablets instead, so as to avoid damaging the environment?
Well... Did Bill drink the water? I would not blame him if he didn't. I have problems drinking tap water. I wish I appreciated it more than I do.
"Be bill gates
Be a billionaire
Make a video with Mark Rober
You should have showed Bill drink that water
"5:35 wow I didnt know he invented THAT.
I think he should make a video about this."
Shrek: WHAT WERE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP !!!
This guy is what I would describe as a God
im presenting bill gates at school
Wow, very well done video and quite interesting! Congratulations!
this mans actually met bill gates...            me:dad is that you???
And I though T-series was a big problem
ayy its william doors
Free market capitalism has risen more people out of poverty than anything else in history.
Uh, Dizzy (5:30) is by Joakim Kraud not Andrew Applepie
Wow, another excellent video
I wanna help! Edit: tap water where I live is bad. Lots of bad tap water. Brita filter ect. But this can do some really cool stuff.
Giordano Bruno was is the most intelligent ever lived
Props to you for not using bill gates as click bate
How did you get Bill Gates to participate in this video? I mean, you did probably not pay him. :D Was it voluntarily?
Full respekt to Bill Gates, he is a man of ideas and never ending go-to personality
next video: reviving a super dead opossum
What if you get a few tons of this and put it in a lake
Omg you met Bill Gates? You lucky man.
In quran "ALLAH" said ( and we made from water evrything alive )
What if you put a giant packet in the ocean?
I've not watched the video through but I'm assuming it works in the same way as wine or beer finings?
"11:18 
Did you just ""Bro""ed Bill Gates? Wow."
2:02 He knows how to jack off.. such a young age :/
We did this as a science project earlier this year and it was pretty okay
Some....
Eating lasanga to save pewdiepie
Unliked the video once I saw the Globalist Bill Gates.
Foreign aid doesnt help , just makes a population of low character people being sustained and dependent]
cool
2:30 waterboy reference
More selling scams
I can  already tell yall.... This video gonna be a MEME.
love the quality videos, and the message you try to get across in every video. Trying to build a better world
How the hell did I get here from watching HTTYD 3 Music?
this raises another problem, the kids that get educated then get access to technology and thus internet, imagine how discouraged they get when they meet all the negativity and racism online..
Bill Gates is just a normal person
What about lifestraw
What about lifestraw
Mark I just flat out love you. Any ounce of fame and you share it with someone amazing. I have loved watching your channel grow. My kids love watch watching your videos and you make us excited to learn about science.
Liked for Bill gates and subscribed for your videos seeing yours videos make my day Thanks bro
How can it kill a virus, when a virus doesn't live?
Mark Tweezers
8:25 plague inc
"Awesome video I was amazed how a little package contaminated dirty water clean and capable to drink something a lot of people don't have access to in this world  and you are 100% right  we need to help our neighbors because whatever happens to them down the road could affect us also.  
Rich people need to take a lesson from Bill Gates here is a man that has enough money to stop and just enjoy life but instead he makes it his business to continue helping out and not for personal gain who knows what can come out from one of these countries that can benefit the world remember people get inspired by what other people do in the life and death situation."
I see bill gates eyeing those pizza rolls
Let's dump some powder in the ocean then take the mud and push it somewhere else
Awesome
Yeah let's invest in gimmicks, instead on education and building real infrastructure so that they can care for themselves.
You actually met bill gates...I want to come
Did this guy use plague inc? Hell yeah!
now we drink
Mark Robert for the president
Hey!!!! You uploaded bro!!!
I'm positively speechless
Its great if your stadered in a island
Really enjoyed this video. Thanks for sharing.
do u know u just drank everything shrek had
Just dump the Magic dust in the Oceaans
It seperates mud from water, what about the bacteria, microbes and whatever?
But I haven't drinken water in 6 days..
5:50 no, thats jeff bezos
Did he get the 20 bucks?
and sure enough your using a straw
This was super inspiring for me!
We gonna talk about the lady at 8:06 with the bowl on her head
if you can afford the powder, you can afford water
I hope he did tell them to wash their hands...lol
You can teach some people to fish and they will still starve...
Wow! It is the first time I watched your video and was stuck to it till the end. You earned a new subscriber! & props to P&G for that magic in the pouch!
The powder is used by most all places that have water purification processing. The bad thing  is, the treated sediment will not mix with other soil once it is been treated. (I think I am correct on this, please let me know if I am not)
What if you drink the powder
OMG
Bill Gates is not the richest man on earth, its Jeff Bezos
NikloasTesla> them all.
How to pretend to drink toilet water by bill gates.
"The next question is...
How do I drink a diluted chlorine water?"
Amazing video!
12 a year
This madlad meets with BILL GATES and makes him f**king PIZZA ROLLS?!?
yo the dead opossum hell no
Right...."
I think no clean drinking water is slightly worse than a total bummer dude
Thumbs up for Proleter!
You gonna eat those Pizza Rolls?
Reporter asked Einstein  how does it feel to be the smartest man alive ? He replied i dont know ask nikolas tesla
Yay child slavery
Should deposit this in a giant lake
Finally  a vid
Your the best so smart
"Mark uhhh ahem

">africans 
>brain power
Excuse me, what? Did you mean to say cheap labour force?"
Brilliant video thanks
bro r u a pedo, u just called a group of children ur friends xD lmao jk man love ur channel
8:30 plague inc like if you noticed
Bill Gates can really pull off a purple sweater
Y r all ur "friends" children, weird
More people need to see this... like seriously. Thank you.
I really love ur channel, but Jeff Bezos is richer
This is the content I enjoy viewing
Wow, I dont recognize Bill Gates anymore, he looked so old now.
you think i was look like a stalker???
oh Bill Gates, the man who wants to release strains of genetically modified moskitoes to forcefully medicate people... how nice ...
What about the 0.0001%
2 years ago, I had to do a presentation in school on the problem of dehydration. My group and I, used these exact packages in our presentation to show how amazing they were.
"Dont water bears need neither water or air to survive right???

Please like this so he will see it"
Mileva Maric > Einstein
Ummm, I didnt know Chlorine was drinkable.
what if we just dump like as much as we can into a lake
The concept Bill Gates is fumbling over is called Comparative Advantage....
How much money do you guys think bill gates made while this video was being recorded
Nobody gonna point out the woman with the huge bowl on her head at 8:07
Bill seems like such a calm guy, not autistic at all
drains the swamp for the water in this video (to save the world)
I love this channel...
get a bunch of packets and purify a lake
We did this in my science class.
How do 1000 people dislike this
"False. Not all living creatures need water.
It does not need anything to survive. Not food, not water, not even air. It can survive the vacuum of space and has not been proven to grow old. It is essentially an immortal piece of useless energy."
Lol 8:23 plague inc
Anyone else hear colt 45 in the background and start singing
13 pools that go across america? star spangled banner intensifys
This is what we should learn in school
Finaly new video
Can you make webshooters of some kind
On roblox
This man has swag
What if u drink from the bottom
There is still hope
it's too late to edit the video.   there is nothing he can do.  Poor man tried to do a nice thing.  but this will go viral so fast.  i think it was rude to not edit it out.  Bill Gates..  I know we all know what you meant.  But DUDE..  what were you thinking of saying "I love d***s"   not everyone know it's a fast food franchise.   I feel this is a ploy to advertise, because how else would it be on still?
This guy is teaching kids how to gamble.....
nice.
Wow

True fans will understand"
E. coli time
Who else was drinking water while watching this video
The beginning of Wakunda
*Shrek entered the chat
"That's some high quality H2O." Is that The Waterboy reference?
This seems like the kind of video you'd want more people to see since it spreads a good message, so I'm not sure why he wouldn't mention Bill Gates in the title for more views.
           -Bill Gates"
Their corrupt governments should be less selfish and invest in their people's well being instead of pocketing the money developed countries and private companies help them with. Also, Japanese people culturally had a much better structure for success with a slight push. Other cultures are not the same and will not succeed ever regardless of how much help they have. For example, Mexico has very rich resources, infrastructure, and help from developed countries, but yet they have people dying of thirst and poverty and is one of the most violent places on earth despite of the push for success outsiders offer. Help if you want to help but don't tax me to help people who don't want to help themselves. Give my money to the military.
"That's some quality h2o right there"
yay
HE ACTUALLY MET BILL GATES!!!
My teacher in science had other teachers from Indonesia and we surprised them with a bunch of supply's they didn't have then we also raised money in the school so we could give them the money for a floor and other supplies that were needed there
Water needs water to live
Child labor
That's impressive.
Child laborn
clap clap good job dude good job I like it :)
Mommy
"I know you love uhhh.."
But here's the thing, the point in life is to survive not to live
what are you doing in my swamp?
Did he get the 20 bucks tho?
kurzgesagt made somewhat of a similar point in one of their videos, to aid out poor people for a good reason to benefit all of us
N. Tesla > Capitalism
Love this channel soo much !!!!
pls stop by my house i live at federal way ft. me
I was looking at the right bottle and like nothing is happening lol
imagine making a 1 billion pounds worth of this and pouring it in the ocean
"Wheres my 20 bucks?
kid:- Mommy...   Ha ha ha"
Bill Gates looked like he doesnt enjoy the pizza rolls at all haha what a peaceful guy
i peed in that swamp water and my nose was bleeding while i was swimming there i also took a poopoo there
Chlorine isnt safe to drink long term but still better then dirty water
What about over population?
I bet the guy that came up with it has a background in sewage treatment as that's very similar to flocculents and coagulents used in sewage treatment.
Science is flippin' amazing!
"1:07 

Logan Paul joins the game."
Slitting my throat! (TO SAVE THE WORLD)
I love this channel !
your background music, proleter-faidherb square... AWESOME
Looks like a flocculant . Wonder about dissolved contaminants.
just made pizza rolls for bill gates.... no biggie... weird flex but okay :/
this is SO IMPORTANT
"Wtf kinda video is this??
"Me at 5:28 
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one"
How could you possibly dislike this video?!?!
You forgot the ultimate reason: God. And obviously helping people for selfish reasons is not even profitable, so do it because your good, not because your greedy.
When I WA sin China I spoke to a scientist research assistant who said they had this stuff developed 10 years ago but due to world politics the program just had to sit still until it was really needed.
Earned my sub!
it prob destroy the planet itself making the powder
Never knew you do 12 videos a years.
Weird gate flex but ok
Will it work with salt water
Nikola Tesla> Einstein/ If you know who Tesla was then you should agree
I am beginning to think that most science and engineering communication should start from the perspective of history.
"8:28

plague inc"
yeah cause chlorine isnt gonna kill you anymore than dirty water
02:20
"that's some high quality h2O"
8:24 that's plague inc.
Shouldve asked bill for a couple million bucks
Make more videos please
You should collab with Smatlrter everyday
I know what you could do 'mate' try and 'help' your own country and its citizens from being killed by their own government give me third world swamp water any day over the poisonous chemicals they put in the water here oh and the air the food and pretty much everything else thanks for the help
4:51 wait a moment, NORTH KOREA?!
"How can anyone not like this video.. 
Self reflect people.."
Where can i buy those packets?
I have that game an 8:23 it's plague Inc.
at 3:20 what is that background song?
I thought chlorine wasnt safe to drink... what happens to the chlorine afterwards?
Great video
Bill gates has 688,000 subs ????????
Sub to pewdiepie
2:00 nice
coagulation
It can purify sea water or not
1679 People don't like clean drinking water...
Heart warming video
You have my respect!!!
Check out egotist altruism from in a nutshell
chuck norris doesnt fear dirty water, dirty water fears chuck norris
you got the world richest philanthropist bill gates
Thanos Gates
Do Engine coolant
stop saving people, were already overpopulated
You my friend, much respect on your video. I noticed towards the end of your video the school floors. How can we help to provide cleaner school grounds?
Do these work with salt water too?
Weird people disliked tsk tsk
R. I. P. Possum 2117-2119
Respect
"1 billion people dont have water
Mark: it's a total bummer"
I think that House where Gates and Mark talked is the same as where MKBHD and Gates talked. Gates even has the same Shirt!
Ahum life straw
Andrew Yang 2020
mars rover, more like marK roBer
I think tardigrade can live without water
This got me so thirsty
I so love this video <3 Thanks for making this video.
Good old bio flocculants! This is nothing new...
06:20
the question is why do countries need to be poor and why are there even rich countries?
Using plague Inc game play there
bill gates is such a good guy
Mark Rober is the type of scientist teacher that I never had.
but isnt chlorine not good for the body?
"hiv, aids and malaria combined 
lol"
Make more vids
But the packets made out of plastic..
some guy cleaned a lake like this
What pouder is this ?
#20 on trending! That's my boyyyy
Super dead oposom
T.... and his supporters should watch this
"They should build a factory in india that makes that stuff and pours it straight into the Ganges.

What sort of government as wealthy as India's has so little disregard for it's vital water sources."
I don't have endless supply I use bottled mineral water I don't live in a forest world country
"The questin is.....







Can it clean Coca Cola?"
The one channel ill turn adblock off for
Never mind
God can purify water in one second
You also filtered the monetization out
Help everyone not die so the planet meets max population faster, n speed up the downfall of mankind
DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER (to own the libs)
Wait 12 videos a year
Is that the cat came back?
"Mark:Wheres my 20 bucks rainy?
Girl:Mommy..."
amazing.
You met Bill Gates. Wow! I would love that.
isnt that song at 1:20 like a chinese song
Mark Rober and the art of deceiving children in bets
Why don't we ask MrBeast to buy this and clean a whole lake?
I like how you treated Bill Gates like a regular person
This video is another great one
Worth every second on my time
mark rober for president.
Thank you, NASA scientist Mark Rober, teaching us how to scare the dirt out of water.
Awesome story!  I wish people would think as much about the human capital that is aborted every year before even being born.
5:02 i thought this was China XD
Wow amazing
"Why did u quit NASA 
PLS TELL ME"
Disguustang
"2:36


I'm 20 and I still do this. #millenials"
Bill gates seems like such a genuine person
Will that powder work on urine?
"I salute his advocacy and movement with the use of Science and YouTube as his platform. I really hope there are more people like Mark Rober, people that one of their goal or ambition in life is a topic to Philantrophy. I've always wanted to do something like this (less of the Science because I'm not really good at Science) but I just don't have the access and time...yet. I'm not giving up though, I'm going to achieve it step by step.

Let's do a little something for a big change.

Love your content, we need more men like you and more than that, educate people about this, love from india.
Lol where do you live where you can drink water right from the faucet? Even in the rocky mountains we wont drink sink water lol
Check the spg of the water
Manila bay could use Tons of this
Is this man Jesus
I thought I saw Bill Gates doing the same thing on a talk show a few years ago
Nice
HOLY SHT thats BILL GATES
Huge respect to the inventor
This guy needs to get a Nobel prise
microsoft-ware 9:04
2:41 and pause
PEWDIEPIE NEEDS YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
7:36 you sure you didn't get sick from that water?
SUBSCRIBED.
Did I just see plague Inc footage? Copyrighted!
Not enough chlorine to remove sulfides. Nitrates from pesticides and farming runoff will remain. High levels of TDS and heavy metals especially if close by un/underregulated industrial runoff. Most coagulants (alum) are acidic, flocculant polymers are acidic and chlorine has no effect on pH, so the final product is going to be very acidic.
Put toilet water in it and drink it
Very inspirational. Thank you both for what you do.
OMFG HE ACTUALLY MET BILL GATES FDSDCSFDDFESDSDD
Really crazy how many videos you do
I love mark robber
"Where is my 20 dollar?
Mommy"
the BEST one of all youtuber on Bill's annual letter
"1. Drink disgusting water
2. Eat powder
3. Jump"
Wow this was amazing!
Im glad this video is on my recomendation
Did anyone notice that at 8:25 they are using the game infection inc. to show it? Lmao
Amazing product
ft.bill gates
Use me as a like button if you live in Washington
Fun fact those big chunks are called colloids
"Well I have no life.
So I don't need water."
"I was wondering why some of the Music used in the video I can't find anywhere on any of the artist's profiles? 

Specificly Dizzy - Andrew Applepie"
does this work with urine
Give this to flint
At the end of humanity - when the credits are rolling - Bill Gates gets the MVP
I believe they have found things that live fully with out water and actually use acids instead
its aquatabs on steroids. I personally use chlorine tablets when im out in the wilderness. although they keep you from getting sick they dont coagulate the mud!
I have used a product like this called Chlor-Floc to sanitize water for backcountry camping.  Available through military surplus distributors.
A poly glu
They're really eliminating your subscribers, now it's only 535 after my subscription.
I thought i got a messenger notification at 4:04
How do you like a video twice
"Where is my 20 bucks

Hey Mark, do a video about the "robot" that you made called "oppy" "mars rover"
Really great content man. You seem to be a very good & intelligent human being(need more of these in the world :P) More power to ya :)
Yes. Helping the poorer countries with affordability is good BUT ALWAYS CONTROL PURCHASE AMOUNTS. People are greedy and I bet you people will be them then resell for money. This would then result no net improvement because of these people
This year will be awesome
"Is there a powder that I can sprinkle on a McDouble that will make the calories sink down to nonexistent?

Ba da ba ba baaaa"
what are you doing in my swamp
The most intelligent one for me is Nikola Tesla
What I love about Mark's videos is that even though he has Bill Gates in his video he doesn't advertise it.
The kids all went back to their parents with malaria. "Thanks Mark!"
So roaches need water too?
Please someone, fill a whole lake and make a video
"3:15
HIV
AIDS
and...
wait a minute"
Jeff bezos is the richest man on earth
2nd Richest *
Fix ur title
fbi open up
shrek wants to know your location
I love the humbleness in this guy, been watching for the longest and its crazy how you didn't need to even use bill in the thumbnail
you should mass produce and clean out ponds in areas of lack of water theoretically it prob wouldnt work
Every video of yours is great! I just wish you did more of those...
I would feel more comfortable boiling the water after using the powder in it
atleast theres no (ft Bill Gates in the title)
I hope by the end of my life the world will just become a better place. It's great that there are people helping saving lives. Thank you for bringing attention to such great people and very important problems.
"Buying Microsoft software"
This was beautiful!
this video is why YouTube needs to allow multiple thumbs up per video.
8:28 plague Inc.
Sounds like socialism but ok
I've never seen a YouTuber do this stuff. All the big channels only care about making money. But you want to change the world and here is my sub!
This was an awesome video. Whenever I speak up for stuff like this I get attacked for being a beading heart liberal. Especially in the UK where foreign aid is seen as a negative thing. There is one other component, which is with education and better living standards there is less pressure to have bigger families and we can be a world that can support its population.
8:24 plague inc
Curiously, Wikipedia deleted their "average IQ by country" list
I'd prefer more than 12, you can put a months worth of effort into more then just one video.
5:40 JAMICH SONG OMFG
Wow he said Indonesia my home
Does it work with salt water?
Anyone have science project ideas for a high school student?
They should make a place to develop this powder in poor countries and let the poor people work their. They make money and give their community clean water
Did you find any bodies
How do I buy?
My grandad has an old water pump at his yard I once tried it one day then I realized that there's so much iron in that water that it has a rusty color
great video!
3:03  Old on a sec. There is a possible exceptions to this rule. Just like the possibility of life living of liquid methane instead.
Opportunity died, F.
You know it isn't Albert Einstein, it's Nikola Tesla.
1.20 to 1.30 child labour.
"""Love d*cks""
Also if you help developing nations they might help you back with more info or even ally with you.
Countries divide the human race. To have Earth as One country is difficult because rulers of each country do not want to lose their power. Country is a artificial concept . It's not a must in nature. It started when a warlord wants to protect his wealth and power by using his peasants to defend his wealth from invasion by another warlord. Country is a selfish concept in favor of the ruler . Human race can exist on Earth without country. One Globe , one human race. End of discrimination.
Why would anyone downvote this? Very good education right here folks, take part.
Wow thats crazy :) why aren't more people doing
2:37 nahh I live in flint
I'm afraid you're dead wrong about foreign aid, it just ends up propping up dictators and keeping poor countries dependent. Free market capitalism is what lifts countries out of poverty.
6:20 big mistake there bud
This powder is amazing, and so is the fact that you literally got to meet Bill Gates
And 3 hours without shelter
but what do we do with the leftover dirt ? is it safe to throw away ?
Share this to Donald Trump.
1:36 2:07 He's got his finger in his mouth after touching the dirty pond water. Help.
Anyone else thought he was gonna save Pewdiepie?
YOU MET BILL GATES?!
The elephant in the room is wearing a crescent moon. I can be politically correct for only so long. The facts are the facts, ignore them and we all suffer. This is a terrific invention, I hope that more people will live, I just hope they live before they are forced to convert.
This is amazing. Bill Gates is an amazing man.
"These poor countries, once helped, often attack us anyway
Japan was already a prosperous, industrial country"
9:35 Nikola Tesla
Flint Michigan?
People who dislike this,should get hit with a scooter at the ankle
Bill gates gotta make his own bills now...
Beatiful video !
3:18 HIV and AIDS is the same thing
"hiv, aids and malaria combined" oops
How much drinkable really, still some virus and bacteria in there
Great video, but you have to bear in mind, if desperate countries do get more stable, there is one branch of industry that does not benefit, and that's military industry, which won't give up so easily on that despair :(
Make this viral please
Make good things viral... MAKE THIS VIRAL PLEASE
that was my chem project.. but not that effective . Glad that it works out.
"I am coming to this comment section from the future.
The year is 2024 the wall is built and America is much safer."
I normally hate gates foundation related videos, but this one just felt like a rober video that just happened to have bill gates because he was relevant to the topic.
Talks to the richest man in the world and gives him cardboard pizza rolls.
Shrek is rather displeased...
My doctor is basically brown bill Gates
Just remember the 3 R, 3WEEKS no food, 3DAYS no water ,3MINUTES no oxygen/air
What did Bill say at 6 min 22 sec??
You made me play Plague Inc. again
cheers brothers! make it batter place
Great video man, thanks for raising awareness about such an amazing invention. People tend to take clean water for granted
Is the packet holding the stuff made from organic materials?
"To save the world
Me:haahahahahahaahhaah"
It's a water treatment plant in a packet! The only thing that's missing is a filter (provide your own or just avoid disturbing the gunk at the bottom).
Nothing new, a Japanese guy was the pioneer for this idea in a small scale to third world countries 10 years prior to P&G creating their product. He created a coagulant from fermented soy beans. P&G does take it a step further by purifying it with Chlorine.
I've never understood the need for these kinds of products. Wouldn't it be so much simpler for the person with dirty water to run it through a few layers of cloth to catch any trash/larger sedimentation, and then boil it to disinfect it? Hell, they could even get fancy with it and crush up some charcoal they make and put it in their cloth filter. Am I missing something here? Because what I've suggested seems straightforward enough that anyone could figure it out, which confuses me seeing as helping people get clean water is such a big deal.
Mark, Great Videos. As always... This is coming from someone who moved to Vietnam with his parents as a kid. Driving into "downtown" on a motorcycle we would pass the most filthy, smell from a mile away, canal that is in the middle of the city. I would see kids swimming in it... I've seen first hand these conditions, and more people need to know about it.
"Actually it was first made by a guy in Peru with a PhD in acience


Science*"
bill gates is level 99 mafia boss
r/uselessredcircles
Republicans are gonna be like F that! Their motto: We wanna make money selling weapons, putting people in jail, starting new wars.
We should be teaching man to fish.
Shrek would be proud
The video is phenomenal as always, but i cannot endorse P&G
1:14 ohh ohh fbi?
This is so cool
Thank you so much for such a truly beautiful video
What degree did mark do?
Wall-e.
"Easy: diogenes. 
Great video btw man"
legends have it he still didn't  get his 20 bucks..........
Am i the only one who didn't  expect bill gates voice to sound like it did
Bill Gates appearance was an interesting but very welcome suprise.
How did you get the world richest man on YouTube? Please tell me.
So basically potable water treatment in a packet instead of expensive machinary
Fishing for likes lol
Who's the 1.5k who disliked this?!
Please get an infection
Love the video, but the smartest person ever likely wasn't struggling to survive. Intelligence in populations increases with nutrition, health and the environmental requirements to survive so the most intelligent person ever likely came from a stable well off civilization that had plenty of food and was from a relatively well off or at least we fed family. That person may well have lived thousands of years ago, but simply due to statistics and numbers is probably alive today.
YES! ANOTHER VIDEO
I'm the smartest if you only believe
9:31 Some love Mario!  Even though, "Your princess is in another castle." (I spent all that time... for NOTHING?! (Throws game into  trashcan.))
1:59 shes learning young
"BUY OUR SOFTWARE, GET WINDOWS
9:06"
But how does it taste?
Shrek: Get out of my Swamp!
Japan has a high IQ thats why their buying jets and making cars, the low IQ countries will always be shitholes no matter what LOL
I thought that was Jared Dines on the thumbnail.
If they cant find clean water by now then they probably deserve parasites LOL
what a blue country and philippines
If some one is in ur place then the title of the video will be something like eating with bilgates or Bill Gate in my house surprise.
Great video, thanks a lot!
Putting bill gates in the title would get you views and subs like crazy.
Massive butterfly effect
so cool that Bill Gates actually agreed to make an apperance in this video
They use alum powder for this. Has been used in india to purify well water for centuries.
Actually da Vinci is the smartest person ever known
India should buy like a million of these packets and fill that god damn river that is so toxic yet they swim in it get cleaned in it and drink from everyday
Fortnite save the world in a nutshell
You should have told bill gates to unban me on xbox live
WHOEVER DISLIKED THIS VIDEO THEN U R NOT A HUMAN >:(
Does that formula separate salt from salt paper?
Billlllll gate*ssssss
Imagine casually just getting Bill Gates on your video. Legend
Did he actually drink it
Isn't P&G the company behind Tide Pods?
Aqua (konosuba) PURIFICATIONNN!!!
Girl: mommy"
To save the world? Hahaha. You mean to save yourself? The world had swamp water long before we got here so it doesn't really make a difference. Actually, you are hurting the world with that powder and packaging and the energy that went into it to manufacture.
LET BILL GATES SPEAK. I DON'T NEED YOUR PT PRESENTATION!
"6:05

Owen Wilson:"
"Using the powder. do clean the dirt but it makes the dirt go down and might damage the fishes in the ground. We must make the powder that makes the dirt goes up so we can just scoop it. 

Disclaimer: money is problem"
"Marc: where is my 20 bucks
Little girl: mommy..."
Fallout 76 crafting. Her perm was on fleek tho.
marks the type of guy to take the $20 anyway (to save the world)
"hiv doesn't kill anyone
aids doesn't kill anyone
it's the lack of immune system caused by aids (caused by having hiv for a while) that will allow you to die from a simple illness that is usually harmless
just saying"
I thought you were joking...
why don't they donate LifeStraw?
"I would like to know science behind boiling, cooking and actually making Meat eadible and safe, why raw meat is not good for people? Or why warm food tastes different than its cool version?
I really wonder"
where are the 20$? .she > mommy . epic ahahaha
Respect!
Mark your channel is a prime example of quality >> quantity videos. Kudos to you sir.
The fact of water in the fresh channels in
His video is so relaxing
how did you meet bill hes the ceo of microsoft and ceo's are very busy?
Nice vid man
I dont get people who disliked
What? 12 videos a year!?
That's so true, surviving in a poor country, raising kids, doing enough so you and your family don't starve to death, that lady's and gentlemen is true intelligence.
What happens if u use that in soda
Gandalf would not let the mud pass
Shrek wants his swamp water back.
2:35-2:37 is every college student ever...
"Spent 3 sec to read my name and this comment
Spent another 3 sec to help me with this name"
06:22. bill gates is being very honest about it.
This should be first on trending
Rober has gone full globalist elite on this one. Never go full globalist.
"Give a man a fish, feed him for a day


Give a man a poisened fish, feed him for the rest of his life"
But what if aliens don't need water?
Bill is not the richest men dude it's jeff bezos
We should just dump a ton of this powder in the places with the dirtiest water
Now the only question is, did he drink?
Bill gate is not the richest man... jeff
Why are there dislikes, I mean wtf, come on people?!
Jokes on you I pirated Microsoft Office
Can you eat it?
Thank you for the video, Mark. Helping others is an incredibly worthy goal and a win-win for all.
Why does this video have dislikes??
2:45 wasting water, disgusting
WAKANDA FOREVER
I would just go and put that P&G water purifier in a swamp
2:37 what an epic lightning, thanks sun
I have an xbox I live in Washington I represent bill gates.
8:29 plague Inc.
Why doesnt he donate to the starving children i Yemen
I love this.
Good boi
Tell Bill Gates to pay his taxes and he can make a huuuge difference
Here before non idustrial countrys have unlimited clean drinking water, this is a nice invention to save lifes!
Charity is best when there's no middle-man.  Give to a homeless or desperate person you see, not a company who says they'll do it for you (and keeps 99%-100%).
How you can not put ft bill gates, what a legend.
These are the youtubers we need
bill gates is my dad
This needs more publicity
"Bill Gates took time to be a part of this?

Good on him."
He used plague inc. to explain
Has Bill gates in video... Does not put him in title....
could this work with salt particles/sea water??
Shrek wants to know your location
Hes guys we got it. and no, he didnt put bill in the title. think every1 watching this video got this after reading 1 comment, its not needed that every1 who reads such a comment posts the exactly same thing again
"Mark: ""The richest man on earth'


Me: ABBOOOOOOOUUUUUUT THAAAAAAAATT......"
The world needs more Bill Gates
I'm glad this video is on my Reccomendation
Good thing you didn't put bill gates in the title
1:08 u said opossum
Amazing. Thank you.
i love how she winks with her finger when she calls for her mother to give the 20 dollars
He talked about Nintendo to a guy who owns Xbox lol
"Who's that Bill Gates?

With Love your Nigerian Prince"
"Why on Earth is this not the viral video? Why does this have not even 5 million views?
THIS is the kind of video that people should watch, be made aware of."
There is sill a risk of chemical contamination.
Yea he can just set up a random interview with the richest man alive and a ceo of one of the biggest companies
two bill gates on the show and doesn't even get to answer the major questions. you speak. A world changing product that get almost no screen time that you cannot even see what its name is. You have essentially made a massive invention and selfish altruism about yourself. Great JOB!!!!!
Subscrided
How about you save yourself first
I just subscribed to you.
Damn Mark.  This was awesome
Tesla > Einstein by a long shot
8:25 plague inc??
6:20 ;)
That explanation was spot on :) thanks
DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER (for views)
3:20 I hear aids jk
Finally after so many days you uploaded a video i love your these science videos and other videos
Now this is quality, inspiring content.  I have always viewed P&G negatively, however the fact they're selling these sachets at a loss gives me a little bit of hope for humanity, just a little.
GET THIS POWDER TO MR.BEAST!!!!
This makes me sick on so many levels
Nikolai tesla, or the Currys are in my opinion the smartest
Can we watch the full talk between you and Mr. Gates?
did you goto the hospital for other stuff like lead poisoning and reading up on the wrong seattle campus even though nintendo is right down the street.
"- ""Where's my twenty bucks Rainie""
...

- ""mummy"" 

What about Nikola Tesla?
"Nice video, good to see this interesting topic being brought up! 
But how convenient of you to forget mentioning for every person who gets help, 10 new people are born who is going to need the same aid. It's big money in helping people and considering all the corruption in the first aid business it's not going to work cause it's a never ending exponential downwards spiral. This is only one of many problems."
My dad only drinks beer
12 videos a year!?!?!
I want to call bill gates a bro irl. All g you did that for us.
Powerful stuff sir
What if that powder can be used to make dmt
Why only 12 wtf
Excellent
I love dick's-Bill Gates
When 1.4k people from Australia like the video
DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER ft. Bill Gates
why do i feel like he is being paid by nasa?
Foriegn aid has created an unsustainable population boom in parts of the world that will result in more death than you can imagine. No we should not help poor nations until they adopt sustainable breeding habits instead of have 8 kids each being fed on western handouts.
That that possum look  tast
did he just put a plauge inc animation in his video
Awww we want 24 videos a year ;(
Better than my chem class
"Mommy
-girl"
PUT BILL GATES ON TITLE
A for profit company staying they're going to save the world? Yeah hahahahaha
"Fantastic video. Epic that Mr Gates took the time  out. Interesting epilogue there. Missing out the fact that Mr Einstein was a refugee immigrant fleeing an oppressive regime. A 
twist on your 'most intelligent person' postulation."
The most purposful YouTube video ever
Where can i buy some of this magic water powder
Helping peoples in poor country is fine and good but when you just give money to warlords and Rich ones and say its humanity help is not well
bill gates give me money
Respect for not putting Bill Gates on the Thumbnail
"can this water also seperate heavy metals, salt, or chemicals even?

Because if it could, that would be even more awesome!"
Trust Procter and Gamble or Monsanto you end up dead.. I'll pass.
Nice but to slow
did u even get ur money?
I'd say this is the most humble and educational video I've watched so far wow... Protect the world people!!!
to whoever dislikes this video I seriously wonder what is going on inside your head
You are the perfect example of a smart, passionate, humorous, friendly, generous and seeing the big picture American guy.
Important note: this should be used on dirty water, not putrefact water!!!! If there is a dead animal, the water is going to have toxines, butiric acid etc... Those will cause GI problems
mommy ..... gimme money so i can give it to Mark who drank dirty a*s water
So tbats Billgates, ok...
Love that random Plague Inc. gameplay footage
c'mear.... wa-ah, pyuur wa-ah
"Wagan
=Water vegan"
"It is known what you do by the company that you keep...

bye, sicko"
I hate circles and arrows in the thumbnails. Clicked on your video just to tell you that.
Omgg finally someone that deserves to be on trending. Gj!
...No comment
This made me think, at one side P&G is not that a nice sweet company, but then at the other side they really are. It is so confusing.
1.4k is like to drink normal swamp water
Keep Rocking in it, not of it !
Your channel reminds me hope isn't lost yet
Finally a video xD
But what about chemical contamination?
You forgot the single most important reason to improve the lots of people in the developing world: if their countries are more tolerable then they're more likely to STAY HOME and not emigrate to the West.
Anyone else thought Bill Gates was going to drink the water?
that Plauge Inc gameplay in 8:23 kicked in. lol who else pays???
Is this the guy that does fortnite vids with his kids?
One simple question, did Bill Gates take a sip of that water?
And you might add if a developing country goes far enough, they may help your former developed country, if you need it in the future. A humbling guatantee
2:36 she honored her agreement!!! such innocent kid :)
Shrek is mad






wow
"When he brings out the water instead of burgers.




Why you play me like that?"
"you missed a teaching opportunity to say that the 13 pools represents the 13 original colones, which is why the flag has 13 stripes... 

nvm just ignore mw, im drunk..."
How can you flood with shorts 1:18
Please sell it pleaseeee
2:32 She will get far in life xD
They've been using flockulans for sentiment pounds for years.
Can we get an F in the chat for Curiosity
I have never seen a youtuber who had bill gates in the video and didn't mention it in the title
(Insert anything here) (insert to save the world here)
(1) Why would anyone dislike this video? o.O (2) As much as this is an amazing breakthrough, I worry about the side-effects of drinking water that's been highly chlorinated over a long period of time. Yes, it's way better than the alternative, but drinking highly chlorinated water can put you at higher risk for some things such as autoimmune diseases (after a significant amount of time/exposure). So, I hope we continue to work towards more solutions.
You're awesome man
7:14 Indonesia? sad... im indonesian
I like that! Keep that same energy!!
Never kne he only does 12 vids per year
I love this
well he still stole windows
"I would say Newton was the smartest person who ever lived. I think Einstein wasn't THAT intelligent. He just happened to have a few great ideas.
   He didn't really contribute that much after 1920."
So isn't p&g the same company that made that Gillette ad.
I heard one of this . Btw I'm from Philippines.
I don't realy like Microsoft's software nor their ideology, but I still respect a lot Bill Gates for what he has done
that fridge though...
Bro bill gates has a grocery store fridge in his kitchen
And that imbasil of a babbon is your president where people like gates should be more deserving than that babbon
mommy
But how did it taste?
"Very good. Tell this to Nestle's boss.
Science feels like magic sometimes, seeing all the dirt sinking to the bottom
CAPITALISM BABY! :D
Sir Isaac Newton is smartest
We need to go in that pond and fill it up with water. The pond is already full of muddy water
Dude go and purifie a lake
If one of the parts of powder (the flocculant) is a polymer aren't we still just producing more plastics and polluting areas with microplastics?
I love D*cks - Bill gates.  This man is an inspiration
Will the fish and other big creatures survive if you use this powder at large scale to clean a lake?
Check out Barbara Maher - she invented something called Magimix which does the same thing, but is also used to recover precious elements from water, so that it can be reused. e.g. Platinum from a platinum wash, and so on, or desalination etc.
I gave that Guy 222 bucks for a console
I just released my very first music video on my channel!
This virtue signaling garbage was weird. But cool magic powder.
Essential oils. Frankincense, myrrh.
Why do bill Gates Arms look like they weigh nothing
Very important video puts in plaug inc
This is the strangest title I've ever seen
Bill the science guy
"untapped brain power" of people who literally eat mud
How can you dislike a video like this?
Bill Gates is such an inspiration. Has no financial or personal motivation to do these things but does them anyway to help inform everyone on why all lives matter. Such a great guy
what  a honest girl rofl
you even go the intelligent xylophone cliche when the rich man says smart ted talk words
Is there a website for the paper malaria test thingy you mentioned??
Ok but can it make pee drinkable.
Song at 5:40?
"Where is my 20$


Nose missing much?"
this is a great PSA for humans to be... well, human. there is a certain morality to care for others, but this is really a learning of the extension to other countries. like you said, japan would've never innovated if it didn't have an overseas market, nor would Boeing or Microsoft. our biggest benefit from globalization is becoming more human.
where can I buy these packets? I tried searching eBay but couldn't find anything
make this man the president!
just a random everyday guest BILLIONAIRE.. nothing special to see here
Simple reason ,they will help  the country if there is war
Loved the video but man red circles and arrows in the thumbnail? You are better than that.
CAN SOMEBODY EXPLAIN HOW U MET BILL GATES
Talks about saving the world yet uses a straw
Your videos are always inspiring to me.Keep up the good work
i guess bill gates likes dickd
Lemme get that longboard boi. 5:20
wow
US helped Japan to stop Soviet expansion...
Kids should of worn gloves
I will miss his videos...
Is he really bill gates
What are you doing in my swamp


N i c e"
Respect
First Mkbhd, Second Mark Rober Whose next? PewDiePie? Some will understand the joke, some will not
Bill Gates isn't the richest person Anymore tho.. doesn't mean he isn't awesome, he donates billions to charity that bezos doesn't so bezos is now the richest
Why 12 videos a year? Can you do 24 or 100 :(
"4 things that will convince u to subscribe to Mark rober
1-he is a scientist,who doesnt like science?
2he explains so Well!
3-he cares about poor countries
4-he is a cool,smart,funny,intelligent guy"
Is Bill Gates gonna make a YouTube channel already. He was already on a Marques Brownlee video
Anyone else remember water boy
3:27 I knew ben shapiro would save the world in disguise and give himself the name that probably isn't spelled like "Philip Suiter" but is pronounced like that!
Why
Would it work if you put a large amount in a whole lake
Why were HIV and AIDs counted as two separate viruses
Nice info
"one country giving money to another is called bilateral aid but it can have strings attached and the country's getting money might get into debt
in my opinion, sustainable aid is better as there are no strings attached and will help for a long time
anyway nice vid"
P&G
">save the world
>P&G"

I suddenly remembered this quote after listening to the latter part of the video"
I appreciate the approach and information in this video.  Many of us have compassion, across a wide range of political and ideological positions.  We might sometimes disagree about "how" to help others.  But I think there are good, legitimate arguments for helping those in need, including in developing and low income countries.
Those kids will remember this for the rest of their lives. Who knows, you could change one of their paths from alcoholic (god forbid) to chemist.
Taking "drinking bleach" to the next level
could that stuff remove poison and other various things from water?
Good Mark doing good work
Aluminium Sulfate, EZ been using it swimming pools for decades. Positively charged salt crystals lmao
6:20 Oh No
who else noticed the video of the disease spreading was a video from the game plague
Just put the purifiers in the pond, problem solved.
"What if....

You dump it in the...
OCEAN?"
Nice video
everyone should thrive to be like Bill
Jeff Bezos is the richest man on earth not bill, but still a great video and an even better message
Richest man in the world and not a Gucci belt in sight
Is this work on sea water.
This is good content.  How come I never heard of this before?
Smartest person is Nikola Tesla.
Is lead a contaminant that this method can remove?
Flint Michigan has had contaminated water going on 4 years now.
*Flint Michigan has joined the video* LOL
you remind me of kurzgesagt 12 videos month,quality over qUaNTiTy
This is not monetised good job man
Umm I watched this during a shower
Someone send this man to trump asap
Does it work for salt water?
(Forgot the ? Mark)"
You should contact them and make A LOT of it and out it in a place where there is bad water
Lowkey, need this for my survival pack... zombie deers are comin
Thank you for saving the world.
now thats really nice
OMG u met BILL GATES.
MY DUDE MET BILL GATES
i want bill gates to be my grandpa..not cause of the money but because he's a peaceful dude.. and he has a kitchen
"casually talking with 100
 billion dollars(bill gates)"
Shaggy Can purify water by walking beside it
His last words :')
8:24 Why is this so familiar?! I know it from somewhere but I can't remember where!!
whats a control?
I really enjoy watching your videos !
Child labor without pay
Sheen from jimmy neutron is the smartest!
Man after watching am subscribing to your channel not only is it not advertised and honest but soo dam enlightening
if he added Ft. Bill Gates it will get 10x Views
"Super Dead Opossum? 
DEMONITIZED"
Thanks for making awesome videos, you make this platform a better place
I honestly thought the kid said "Mark Walberg"
They are missing a huge market not selling those packs in the first world.  They could fund the entire operation by selling them to the prepper community.
Came from Bill Gate's liked videos playlist.
I love how humble Bill Gates is. Even though Bill Gates is the worlds richest man, still show compassion for those in less fortunate countries. Good job Bill Gates!
Does microplastic also get filtered by this?
GET OUT OF MY SWAMP!
"Sucks making 12 vids a year 





How about you making 24 vids a year and it will give you many ideas that will put in you vids"
Sub to pewd!
Fun fact: I was at UC(University of Cincinnati) in 2002 working on my Undergrad in Engineering. We got to visit P&G when this was still in the testing phase. I saw this stuff first hand. It was impressive then. It's still impressive now.
What song is 5:34
You can drink my nasty water, Mark ;)
Never disappoints...
Japan was a well established country though. A better example is South Korea. It was one of the poorest countries after the Korean War and Japan occupation... Now look at South Korea with the help of the U.S.
Me watching Did I just see a clip of Plague Inc?
2) I love Bill Gates and his sweater."
It's sad that this is not #1 trending. I guess to society 21 Savage is more important than dying kids
It's not new. I'm 25 now but I did find out about it when I'm in middle school
Jesus was the smartest, wisest, and loving person ever born on this earth.
Can we talk about how easily he got an interview with Bill Gates... then made him pizza rolls??
How u call Bill Gates
Ummm.....the bacteria is still on that water?
i thought we were about to have a timelapse chat with that music....
Love this guy, he cares so much about other people
Great video
Mmmmmmmmh! Tasty
This man is the real MVP he didn't even put "ft Bill Gates " in the title
Obviously Matt Damon is the smartest man alive. SMH
Lucky you got plague inc I have to pay for that game again
Mark you are among the few who are  sitting on the iron throne for  making good use of  Youtube
Smartest man on the world is a caveman who sacrificed himself to be burned and dicover fire.lol nah but did Bill Gates drink the water tho?
I knew Bill gate's was gau
Newton > Einstein don't @ me
It works
casually meets up with bill gates no biggie
"One of the best person in the world, Mark Rober
 salute to you from the philippines"
Let this sink in... he could have used bill gates as a click bate but he didn't.... #humble

PS: Welcome to Seattle, Mark!"
imagine if he screwed up the pizza rolls and Gates got food poisoning
We should just put like a pot load of this powder into our dirty rivers and lakes
1:12 the coolest kids on the block
Save the world by cleaning the dirty bodies of water, not by drinking a cleaned water
Drinking swamp water is good anyways it has amazing texture
Why don't I have a dad/uncle like Mark? I love his videos!!
How the heck does this save the world
l o v e d i c k s
You make me inspired to pay attention in science and continue taking science for the rest of high school. Your videos are so fascinating! I love them, they make me happy and interested in any sciences
"I can purify water by standing near it





because even muddy water hates me"
Can we acknowledge that Bill Gates was there
Child labor
if you makes us rich enough and smart enough, we'll become your consumer...
8:25 is legit a clip of Plague Inc. (mobile game) and I am LIVING for it!
6:20 who else caught that?
dies
Important video
Awesome video! Making a run for my favorite tuber!
Well it is good but what about swamp animals
What Bill said is very important and true; wealth is not a zero-sum game, which means free-markets (free trade) is the answer to making everyone better off. The state (government) is the number one enemy.
2:41  haha   except flint michigan  hahaha
Remove the chlorine powder, and you get an even cheaper alternative to clean an entire River.
wonderful.
3:05 that's europa right?
Including Bill Gates in his video without including him at the title/hashtag/ thumbnail of the video.... Great man...
CHILD LABOR
Does this make anyone else thirsty watching this video
"when someone ask me whos the smartest guy in the world...

old egypt since the pyramid of gyza produces electricity before us"
how do I get that sick shirt?
Lost all interest at "Bill Gates"
8:45 Hey, don't forget "hentai"
The most intelligent person to ever live was either Leonardo da vinci, or King Solomon.
You look like Bill Gates's Grandson
Malaria hates him
Lol, I have the same microwave as bill gates
Correction: India doesn't take Aid... Stopped it long time back.
You can live longer without food. As long as our have body fat you will live. A lot of misconception. Search extended fasting or just YouTube water only fasting.
Nice Mario sound effects with the explanation of the science powder
This powder is impressive !!!!!!!!!!
nice waterboy reference at 2:30
I just knew he was going to put it under a microscope...
Where is my 20? Mommy! LOL
software robber..paying huge 200 dollars for a windows 10 pro is insane ,,for such a mass sold weightless thing its insane..is android which is 100 times++ better than windows phone is foolish, linux ,google foolish no ,they are the true the heroes..taking huge money and then returning 1% is not welfare i think ..its not good intention i observed but ya he is smart in fooling..thumbs up..
I love the plague inc b roll footage
Who else loves in Seattle
Bill Gates Host PewDiePies Meme Review
Now this is quality content
"11:15
Bill Gates tryna eat all the pizza rolls"
6:20 lol i died
i guess i should be dead then
Wot r u doing in mah SWOMP
2:30 is quoting theater bou
Casually goes to meet Bill Gates. He isn't home so lets snoop. Let's not forget that we must stalk him to find where he likes to eat. Let's also trick him into thinking i got him his favorite food. Well let's talk about stuff. Okay bye very famous person. Let's not put this very important person in the thumbnail.
But did Bill drink the water?
How about formed toxins? They don't get disinfected or clump together.
Bill met mark! Must've been bills best day ever!
"8:51 telling the CEO of microsoft that japan created nintendo in a happy voice
lol"
"I think there is still some problem with this water: 1) In some cases too much bleach will be left  2) But in case of extremely polluted water this treatment will kill too little bacteria and leave a chance to spread disease.
But this is a easy fix. We can decrease the amount of bletch in the mix, then simply can boil the top water."
When he said "now we drink" I literally die inside.
This is literally my thought process and i wonder why more people don't help the cause. I wish i could but i'm only 12.
Bill Gates isn't the richest.Jeff Bezos is but Jeff Bezos might not be for long cuz his divorce
I wish I was able to contribute something significant but I am just an electronics engineer
reducing desalination cost yay
Does it remove parasites though?
Almost Died*
Who else hates pooping at school
1:59 UGHHHHHHHH
Don't teach a man to fish, he's a grown man. He can teach himself to fish, fishing isn't that hard.
"Great vdo..
Great message..
Thanks for sharing.."
Damn, I guess you do only make 12 vids a year
Next video:Eating PIZZA To save the world..
The people who disliked this, thought the dislike button was an upside down like button
Thanks
Why are u drinking my swamps
while i agree this is a worthy project for those without, i cannot help but notice bill did not drink the water.
Nice video mark!!
"2 selfish reasons to help poor countries" not just because we should care about other humans being able to drink water
earth wants to know your location
Check out moringa
Mark Rober, MKBHD, Stephen Colbert, everyone gets an interview with Bill gates these days!
Thank you Youtube.
why didnt gates eat them pizza rolls?
Ive never seen bill gates speak
"I only make 12 videos a year" SUBSCRIBED man!
Isn't Jeff bezos the richest man?
"Meets Bill Gates 

Give him a pizza roll"
Pretty sure chlorine doesn't kill parasite that fast.
Bill gates is a billionaire and there is no Gucci belt in sight
this is actually so amazing. Subscribed.
honestly i love how he didnt include bill gates name in the title, it truly shows he got all this attention and support from helping and supporting everyone who doesnt have safe drinking water
Drinking millions of microorganisms to save some people
3:21, aids is a syndrome/condition that is caused by hiv. One dies neither of hiv nor aids but rather of other diseases/infections that would normally not be able to attack a regular human with a regular helper t cell count.
Got that little scene 8:30 from Plague inc? Lol
i'd say michael faraday is the smartest
make a robot that makes home work
BILL GATES IS THE BOMB!!!!!
got that up and comer bill gates, not bad not bad..
3:52 -4:55 whole video
Everyone can strengthen their mind to Einstein levels and more. Everyone can also hop on their pinkey with enough strengthening. Not everyone can dicipline themselves to do it.  That takes dicipline something a father in the home provides. Single mother homes lack dicipline almost entirely. End single motherhood save humanity.








Can you ask Bill to fix my Xbox?
I die when i saw the plague.inc part
I choose to teach a fish to man
I die when i saw the plague.inc part
Mark Rober, you do so good with these videos. I hope I can be like you one day.
You should make more videos!!! I love them all!!!!
Bill Gates is such a nice guy
Are you saying we shouldn't just build a wall around our country?
1 billion is about 1 seventh of the population
Meh, I don't trust giant corporations. They only care about profits. They don't have our best interest in mind. Greed & corruption rule the world.
Tngina pati dto may Jamill
I hate P&G
I understand the need and importance of foreign aid. However, I am afraid that the money we spend will not go to help the poor people who need the help will not get it and instead all of that money will only empower the corrupt, dictatorial regimes that oppress the poor people.
I'm so glad you did this video, partnering with the Gates Foundation but also specifically about clean water. Your summation at the end about how this could help generations far into the future made me tear up. I'm so passionate about helping if and when and where we can!
What is that .1% though ?
I like that Plague Inc. clip
I would like to say R.I.P operation the rover. I know you had some time in NASA but I can't remember which one you developed.
dont forget, albert einstein help the discovery of nuclear bomb :|
"Hey man, I love what you are doing for the world. 


And of course you Bill."
Mr beast should go to a lake and drop a bunch of these lol
Yea we are left with crystal clear water..... that has chlorine.
Used to love floccing swimming pools.
6:06 Bill is like is this what poor people eat
I would not drink it even with the purifier
wait holy, its BILL GATES!
Yummy
Tardigrade don't need water to be alive, they just dry out without water and then come back to life with water
"Nice vid bro 
"Really glad to have found this channel! Only positive vibes!

Keep it up!"
OMG he actually only makes 12 vids per year
How is drinking that saving the world
Didnt Bill Gates drink poop water??
You should post more
My mom used to use. This powder called 'patika' in telugu.
Z
DOES BILL WATCH KURZGESAGT?
It looks like sand to me
4:45 what happens to the chlorine, does it get neutralised?
Hi mark does this also separate salt from salt water

Just a humble opinion"
9:45 the cutest part of this video
Really good video, this shows perfectly how to make the world a better place. Your videos are so inspiring and motivating, it just makes me want to do something that can help the world. Keep up the great work man. Congratulations #6 on trending in Canada.
4:12 thought some type of bug was around me like a cricket or something
Cool video.
So ..... did u drink it ?
Who has never had a pizza roll
Bro the planet is so over populated. The drinking water issue isn't an issue. Natural selection
WTF, I love globalist billionaires now. This is propaganda, kids.
Bill bloody gates :O
This is incredible and SO inspiring
Only problem is that the packet is made out of plastic
I admire tou leaving out you meeting bill gates in the title
Because god said so
Might I suggest that if P&G would like to help out those people in the third world countries with clean water, that instead of wasting money on wrapping the valuable powder with a small blue plastic bag, they just dump a lot of the powder in big glass bottles and give them to the families in the third world countries. Now of course, I'm not saying that P&G should be the one to use their own money to do this, but I'm talking about the wealthy people who'd like to help out with their own money. I found a case of these P&G powders on amazon, 240 of these little packets for $99.99, and that'll be $0.42/packet - Remove the plastic wrapping, and that should shave like 30% - 50% off that price...
Time to buy crates of this stuff to put in the fallout bunker.
Would this work with salt water?
So what about aborted babies ? What could they have contributed to the world ? Some of them may have invented amazing new tech or cured diseases. Stop killing babies.
Real cool subject to talk about
Bill Gates says that when he's gone, he will give his kids couple million dollars and the rest will go to charity. Search up the net worth of Bill Gates.
Bacteria
I like this video good guy
4:47 i live in one of the countries you high lighted and all my life i have never heard of this product
Shrek has joined the chat
l o v e d i c k s
Another selfish reason to help those countries is getting what you want. When these countries arrive at the level wealthier countries are at now, the demand for things that no country has will go up, more money is devoted for finding a solution and the knowledge will be spread throughout the world earlier.
that plague.inc footage lol
The .01% of germs carries ligma.
"Uhhhh....
If this video can help change the world...
Why hasn't people stopped using so much water?"
5:32 turns into a faze rug vlog
Mark you never disappoint this is amazing
OK YouTube cool video but stop shoving it down my throat jeez
Stumbled across your channel back when you made the glitter bomb bait package. Continued watching and haven't been disappointed. Thanks
It is incredibly depressing that these values need to actually be explained. I hate people.
Why aren't they sold in India  ?
I love the Proletr music in the background
The power of friendship wins again
Love that footage from Plague at 8:24. Brings back memories of middle school playing that game.
Me and my family love your vids but are sad because you don't post as often.  Thanks for being a Youtuber
Just like the water treatment plant in a package
Chlorine is still in the water
Hi where do I get those packs
what if they made like one ton of these and put in the entire oceon
"Hey Mark.  I still have your $20!  
:0"
I love the refreshing positivity.
where do I buy this?
This video made me feel better about humans.
Why are there so many dislikes
O-o
2:32 the waterboy movie scene
"8:12 wow he sucks at fortnite


noob"
no longer richest tho ;-;
Does this work with ocean water? Like salt water?
I love your videos so much. Thank you for making them!
Goodgood
Hey Mark, actually the smartest man was named William James Sidis he had an IQ of 50 to 100 points above Einstein.
Drink my whiskey piss to save the world.
9:38 imhotep
or what happens if we used poop water
"Albert Einstein was never the smartest human. 
There are numerous people doing more incredible things, but never hit the stage. (and therefore it excludes you, Mark...).
To me, Stephen Hawkins was a tiny galaxy smarter than Albert. Sorry for the - huge amount of - fans Einstein has."
Does this work with salt water
so what happens if we fill a cup with pee and use the powder?
Legit stuff
everything after 10:00 is VERY factual
Please save my Southeast Asia
"Here are the problems with your argument:



Then you have the problem which I mentioned before, some people or cultures are simply incapable of advancing, either they have cultural issues which preclude them from civilizing, or they have genetically low IQs, the Bell Curve is a good book on this subject.  If you have a society with an average IQ of 70, do you really think they will advance, no matter how much aid you give them?

THIS MAN MET BILL GATES?!?!?!?!
That's the future
"Child : Marrrker roooberrt 

Mark : Did I tell you to say that

Child : Nods head"
Sub to bg cuber
Genius
"02:25
Wheres my 20 bucks?
ask mom for money"
I like how the background song was Afro man
"Where is my $20?"... "Mammy" (LOL)
Wow, how has this video not gone completely viral yet?  Ok, I think we need to find one of those subreddit groups and get this thing to over 1mil likes and over 10mil. views and then some.
2:54 I didn't eat or drink anything for 4 day and in that 4 days im always at gym so explanation
The complete water treatment process is coagulation, floculation, sedimentation, filtration, usually with chlorine treatment somewhere in that process.  If they could make a bottle that would filter out the settled materials, you'd have a complete treatment plant in a bottle.
See Bill Gates a real person my respect
Anybody care to tell me why this video has 1300 thumbs down? This idea and info is brilliant.
Where are the children's gloves?!!! While getting the muddy water?!!!
Can't we pour that thing in tonnes into dirty stagnant water areas?
What is done with the dirt on the bottom of the bottle?




This is one of the best somewhat wholesome video I have ever watched
Bill Burger
Great video and eistine said himself that Nicola tesla is the smartest man on earth
Mars rover dead
Damn that little girl in the purple jacket has more money than 3/4 of the comments section.
Not a clickbait,I like it
You're content is really good, why do you use boring thumbnails?
Child slaves I like it
Wow
Those packets look like hidden valley ranch packets
Butt cheeks
When I was young I thought Bill gates was a football player
At 2:12 do you see the weird glare
5:30 Deshea Frost anyone??
I've seen you're videos but never left a comment..... This is absolutely amazing!!! I sincerely apologise for not doing so before but damn.... That's awesome
finally a new video!!!
A single voice of an expert from these "developing countries" would have a much better and more valued input to your episode than having some random clips put together with you saying: "_... people [ ] become desperate which is a breeding ground for radical ideologies and terrorism. All America's top generals agree that foreign aid creates stability which reduces the need for military spending and makes the world a safer place_." And you don't see the irony in it!
The answer is no! Don't sell at a loss to prop up large populations of people where large populations should be.
Rip Opportunity, may you Rest In Peace
albert einstein left the chat
"Allah The All-Mighty said to His illiterate prophet Muhammad peace be upon him (more than 1400 years ago) what it means:

[Saheeh International Translation of The Great Quran, Surat Al-Anbiya]
2:45

wtf you got to speak with bill gates
"Me: See's tittle
Me: GeT oUt mEh SwAmP"
Does it De Salinate.
Someone please tell what is the white powder called and where can I get some?
TRENDING BOYS
Made me drink water
can u make atleast 24 vids a year. Your vids are amazing i always watch them, they dont have to be something that takes u for ever to make u can just do something thats a cool science concept like what u learn more every day does
Second richest
I wanted to learn abt the product not the program....
MKBHD be like "Meeting and Talking with BILL GATES!!"
Thanks for helping Trump drain the swamp by drinking it..........
I've always loved your videos, but this was the best so far! This was the video that made me subscribe!
5:27 I was like damn he looks like a young Bill Gates then 2 seconds later I was like oh.
Thank you mark for making the world a better place
Just gonna put it out there, but if people are going to give the accolade of 'most intelligent person' based on the profoundness of the person's work (a rather arbitrary metric, but whatever), then the honour must surely go to Gauss rather than Einstein. Though I suppose that goes to Mark's point given the rather uncelebrated nature of Gauss and his ideas.
Well know im gonna give to my fish and see what happens
What if you dump a load of this stuff in a pond or swamp?
What do u think of opportunity dying?
Not to sound like a jack@$$ but there is also the chance of a country developing so far that they pose a bigger treat to us.
Would these packets help the people in Flint Michigan?
It's great bill takes time to do small things like this..
I love how at 3:45 as he says each stage, the camera quality gets better, just as the water would at each stage
Woof
Good Job Mark, much love and support from Nepal. :)
No access to clean water because ?
I watched you when I got the flu and was in bed most of the time 2 years ago
Holy cow you actually got Bill Gates on here...
215 ?
Lol so this is #14 trending with 2m views but James Charle's make up tutorials get 5m within a day and sit on #1 trending throughout it. SMH world
"lol he lists that dirty water kills more than
1. HIV
2. AIDS
3. Malaria
combined




Simple mistake, just thought it was funny"
Bill bill bill bill bill bill.
That so cool
I want a kitchen like, Bill Gates.
Can buy that in bulk? I want to stock up for my 20yr water supply. Lol
such a great video. thank you yet again
Not your standard dead possum,  but the new improved Super dead possum,, LMAO !!!
Now you can say you made bill gates pizza rolls.
Such a high quality video with a great message. Why would anyone dislike this video? Honestly... Why does it have 1.2k dislikes? What's wrong with people?
8:27 I'm glad I recognized that gameplay...
Its cool how u used to work at nasa
Mark Rober exposing a dead body ! OMG this is not acceptable
RIP mars rover
Why aren't you my science teacher??
can you post more please
8:25 I Love That Game (Plague Inc.) And I Always Name My Disease Ligma OR Ligmapirosis LOL.....
"RIP Opportunity. 
Forever the little rover that could."
What about the 0.000000001 percent of the bacteria and virus? And am I the only one who wonders about this?
Amazes me what a simple biologist can do
We need to help
he's david dobrik, except he's smart
Where can I buy some
Shrek would like to know your location.
"9:32 
expects to hear various people mentioned

only hear Albert Einstein"
"who did the little girl say was the smartes person??
Couldnt understand"
i put my comment here, hope i can get new subscriber
"Did you just call Bill Gates the richest man in the world???





I know the two finger bullet point for HIV/AIDS was probably a mistake, but you only die from AIDS not HIV!
Love the "A shell in the pit" music. Amazing video as always my man, love it.
"1:07
Are you logan paul?"
Would've been the greatest ad in town
I was super chill with my dinner, looking forward to the video, but when you showed the dead opposum, I almost puked!
shout outs for all those selfish people out there! do your thing!!!
Water is fixed
Maaaaybe deaths in overpopulated, unsustainable areas isn't such a bad thing. maybe? #Thanos
he didn't drink it though wtf
Abortion also make us lose untapped brain power
Slowly, he's a hero.
Very cool
Don't over do it with 12 vids per year man pace yourself how bout one every 3 months. Quarterly would be much easier and leave room for you time.
Using this platform for a good cause. You have my respect.
Mommy
Pls oploud daily
Guys, who's in debate?
Plague Inc. Lol
Your videos are fantastic
The banjo music sounds like cult 45 is that just me?
Nikola tesla hands down his inventions benifited man kind and we all still use his technology advances still to date
"That was AWESOME.
Shout out to  Procter & Gamble.
How ""cool"" is Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos & Rupert Murdoch could learn a lot with this guy!"
In Indonesia we have a powder that work the same and it called tawas
Wtf does bill gates eat?
I thought Bill gates was dead
Bill bill bill bill bill bill gates the rich guy
Every body saying he didn't mention bill gates in the title, but its not about bill gates its about helping people and I respect that so much great vid
bill gates is no longer the richest man in the world
What if you eat the stuff in the packet by itself?
"man, this is crazy man...





I've never heard Bill Gates speak"
What if we put bacteria that can survive harsh conditions on a different planet with water, like mars, would they create new organisms, could it be possible
Zombie deer?
"Why don't people just eat the packets so when they drink swamp water it cleanses itself in the stomach.





Duh."
Sick
Why does this video even have dislikes
I see you have met my father Bill
Probably the only thing that Bill Gates and my ex has in common.
Lol I started laughing so hard at that part."
Curious as to the ill effects of the byproducts of the packet contents that's dumped.
Congrats on #7 on trending!
Can u visit me I live in seattle
You took $20 from a lil girl eww.
Coincidence that he used Dallmyd's music in a video he's going in to the water??
He put bill gates in the title, but a normal youtuber that seeks for views would put as title "Bill Gates Came To MY HOUSE (gone sexual)"
How is the powder called. Maybe going to buy it
20 is 20 bro
Great video and message
There is a guy that does this to lakes and it is really cool
I love the waterboy reference
High quality h20
Get on rogan!
interesting form of labour :)
These people pollute their own waters with trash but they need help. Sounds legit.
Gotta love that plague inc clip
alternate title: Super Mario Waters
So glad I came to this Chanel! You gained a subscriber keep up the good work!
Ludo would be proud
why anyone would dislike this is completely beyond me...
Hats of to you, Mark Rober. This is definitely worth focusing on
12 videos a year 1 video a month
Wowy it's Bill
You really did a good job why not change the world it takes one man
Awesome content, barely came across your channel today. Subscribing
Yeah I know this
Would that powder  work in blood?
"I made the richest man ON EARTH 







pizza rolls"
Well u picked the right video to do this month that's for sure. Good work keep it up
How to get the dirt or mud inside ?
It takes a true man to not to say Bill Gates in the title
Statistically, you may not be the smartest person alive, but you're definitely a gift to the world. Thank you for making this video.
Why cant u ask him why fallout 3 doesnt work on windows 10 OR why xbox live still costs money for garbo servers? No one cares about under developed countries
"Any tech solution has a ""What could possibly go wrong?"" gotcha.  DDT laced mosquito netting seemed like a cheap, easy to understand solution that vastly decreased malaria among the poor.  But then, they started using the netting to catch fish, causing an ecologic disaster resulting in more deaths than malaria.

So, putting on my ""how could I screw this up as an uneducated person"" hat, what happens  if I dump the powder into ponds or streams?  Any other ideas on how this cool solution could go south?"
"makes water boy reference
kids don't even react

Sad day :("
What if you pour all that into the river and boom
.~.
i live in seattle
Wow, Give this guy a hand! He turned up to bill gates house baked him pizza rolls!
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN' DRINKIN" MA SWAMP WATER LADDEH THIS ISN'T OGRE
Dam he met bill gates
Does water need water to survive?
"Mark Rober Meets Bill Gates

TOP 10 ANIME CROSSOVERS"
Leonardo davinci
Bill gates company now just sells trash pre builds
"I hate to tell you, but why that is a great step in the right direction, there are many, VERY COMMON hazardous organisms, which chlorine will not kill that fast, or at all. Chlorine will kill bacteria such as E. coli in about 90 seconds or so, but takes about 18-20 minutes yo kill Hepatitis A. Depending on the concentration of Chlorine, it takes 35-60 minutes to to kill Giardia, and as long as 2 weeks to kill Cryptosporidium.   
Finally, there are some organisms which may take weeks or longer to be killed by drinkable doses of chlorine, and some rare ones will not be killed by it.  

He should either add a colloid of silver to the suspension, or find something broader spectrum.   Surely, getting an acute or chronic infection by one of those is better than dying in a day or two from dehydration.  However, that was a bad game a Russian roulette for you to have played.  Just saying.  I did this sort of research for our military, and we have better methods available."
1:08 possum water
im sorry.... HE MET BILL GATES FOR A SCIENCE  ON YOUTUBE
I rather just buy a travel camping filter
this guy deserves an award of some sorts for making videos like this. this wasn't just science man this was bigger than that!
8:06 how does that basket not fall
I legitimately thought this was a Matt Stonie video
Mark Rober should be the one with 84+ million subs..
P&G? The company responsible for mass deforestation, species extinction and exploit slave labour? But they sell they're magic water packets at a loss? Oh nooooo.....poor multi-trillion dollar company.
Respect for making the richest man pizza rolls
Ya got aids
Bill gates loves ducks spread the word
Just wow. thank you for this video.
Thanks for promoting good Mark =]
Beautiful!
PUT THIS IN A LAKE WITH CHEMICALS
Awesome video thank you for uploading it
Sipping on stright chlorine
Is that what Bobby the Waterboy used on the swamp water to quench the football players?
"This is the amount of subs you will have tomorrow morning
Is 8:24 plague inc?
"I'm going to sleep this is the amount of subs I want when I wake up
Hey mark do you remember yoho choro
"alright were is my 20$"  "mommy" and she reaches out her hand XD that was cute and funny
My Gold Fish Drowned, 1 Sub, 1 Respect
What an awesome video
To all the people saying that helping poor countries will create overpopulation. That is untrue. It has been proven that in developing countries people have more kids because the chances of some of the kids dying are high. In developed countries most families will consist of on average one to three kids because we have the kind of access to food, water, healthcare and education that people in developing countries simply don't have.
"USE LIFESTRAW, 




IT WILL SAVE U AND THE WORLD"
i wish you would upload more, your videos are so entertaining and inspiring!
5:50 richest man on earth is Jeff Bezos not Bill Gates
Just put da dirt in first
kinda irrelevant but I love that you used Plague Inc. gameplay footage
Ok if i die while not eating for 3 weeks but brink for 3 and then still die im gonna haunt the HECK OUTTA YOU
0:28 every school shooting colorized
my guy on first name basis with bill gates
I did a water fast where I only drank water with added electrolytes for 31 days comfortably. You can go way longer than 3 weeks without food.
I love all of your videos! I feel so smart while watching these videos.
This would of been a great video if you wouldn't of worn your hat backwards.
Bill Gates is not the richest man on Earth anymore.


3 words: Sawyer Water Filter...  easier and personal and cleans a lot more water
I never really heard Bill Gates say too much over the years I gotta say he seems like a really down to earth, genuine guy with a good sense of humour. Love your channel my man with all the nonsense on YouTube this is a breath of fresh air.
8:25 that's plague inc
"Mr. Beast:
Filling entire lake with P&G water purifier!"
wtf bill gates
"Wow that's really better"
*DIES*
#12 on trending
7:17 No, the best reason to help developing and impoverished countries is not so that they will not need aid but that they can buy iphones and computers and Western things
"Allah says in the meaning of the Quran:
(( and We have made of water everything living, will they not then believe? ))
Quran 21:30"
I havent drank water in about 5 days?? Only some liquid like milk and gatorade and stuff
I felt like he made more than 12 videos a year...
Get out of me swamp!
"I made the richest man in the world pizza rolls"
So if i take a bunch of those packets and open them on a still (nonmoving) lake with no fish could i make an entire drinkable lake?
2:36 LMAO
8:25 is from a game called plague inc.
A lot of these reasons are why the Thirst Project is so great!
Humble.
I just realized the epidemic animation was from a app I play lol
I laughed when he said Japan bought Microsoft software.
Can you be my teacher?
What is the name of that powder?
Don't drink the bong water
Why dont u put bill gates in the title
I can't BELIEVE that you got Bill Gates to talk on your channel! That is SOOOO Coool!!!
Man, I would double like this if I could!
Until the Africans go back to their home countries, I refuse to help them.
Can someone show Donald Trump and Congress this video? It dumbs it down to his level. I like Bill's point that this works, ABSENT normal human empathy(hint hint) lol. And it does make sense. Even to the least human amongst us that can only care about themselves. This is also another reason to NOT  be isolationist and "nationalistic"; it's not in our own interest.
"How to save the world.
- Pizza Rolls and Water Cleaning Pouches."
Jeff bezos is richer but i get the marketing idea
Bill gates in this video, but he didnt write it in the title, RESPECT
"So you had Bill gates in the video without clickbaiting about it




I like you"
OH SHOOOTTT THATS MY SCHOOL THAT THE PEOPLE WERE SAYING ALBERT EINSTEIN
Asian POWER
"How does this save the world
Nvm sorry dont judge a book by its cover"
Made me thirsty
Indonesia
WAT 12 VIDS A YEAR
Flint Michigan needs this.
I already knew you were going to involved Bill Gates the second I saw that you mentioned sanitizing dirty water so its drinkable.  I saw videos of his work on providing toilets in developing countries where the organization hes funding is basically trying to make water-less toilets since many of these countries don't have access to clean water.  I also saw the episode of The Daily Show with Trevor Noah where one of the pundits  , in addition to meeting with Bill, talked to some researchers who were essentially turning wastewater (with poop, piss, and so forth) into drinkable water.  They made a portable wastewater treatment plant that they  are trying to bring to other countries.
Reach this out to Leo Dicaprio
MoMmY
The 1.8k people thought the dislike button meant Dis-I-Like
what song at 5:30 the link is not working
You can do this with alum and chlorine dioxide. Add the alum, mix and let settle, siphon off the top layer, then add chlorine dioxide.   Good stuff to have on hand in case of an emergency.
lost it when i saw the giant nerf bullet shoot in the beginning
He should have went to flint LRKWKKFLALGLS
Bill 2020
"Wow  , 
now the world is going to clean
nice job"
But if we fix this problem..... what about overpopulation?
Correction: you can live 3 weeks with food IF you have water ;)
Mark Rober, forever and always the best youtube ever.
We helped Japan after the war for strategic positioning of our military.  It had nothing to do with being good samaritans.
Leave me an email on my webzone if you want a pizza roll
Wow, this video is awesome and inspiring!!
U should make something that can sub to piediepiew
Wow never heard bill gates talk!
What happens to the dirt on the bottom?
Ha in Australia we have super dead possums
Friends FBI OPEN UP lmao
That is truly something inspiring.
3:38 His mind: Sponsor me pls
Maybe we should just stop polluting the water with fracking and dodgy practices.
What about salt water
U ant saving anything
He acts like this is new technology amazing technology...this has been a methid for cleaning swimming pools for several years, lol.
If I ever get a packet of that stuff, I will put it in our "safe to drink" tap water. Very curious what I'll see.
"This why parents are needed 

Guy from video : ok where my 20 dollar I drank it 


Girl: mommy"
I never expected him to show up in Bill Gate's kitchen.
For as famous as bill gates is, somehow I have rarely heard him speak
Plauge inc !! 8:24 just a useless comment keep scrolling
Amen
"Mark: Pours massive bag of power into a swamp
Shrek: WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO MY SWAMP"
Mark "The Video Faker" Rober
How about cleaning the rivers instead of this.
8:24 is that gameplay of Plague Inc. Evolved?!
This channel deserves every subscription
Too bad we kill so many children before they are born. Think how many of them could help the world.
Plague inc footage 10/10
But does it get rid of metals?
Is no one srsly gonna realize he friggin met bill gates???
i was watching this video, and didnt hear the part when you showed Bill Gate's photo, then he showed up and KABOOMMM explosion in my "mind"... Nice video Mark. It's always fun watching your  highly researched super informative videos. Thanks Again.
Who tf dislikes this great Video and why so many??
2 words.....devil worshippers.
lead
so much respect for not even putting bill gates in the title even though it wouldve made the video get 10x the views
can we just take a moment to stand back and realise that this man was friCKING TALKING TO BILL FLIPPING GATES??????
Drink some TIDE PODs...
Please upload more
This reminds me of the Rwandan blood delivery drones, allowing smaller clinics and facilities that lack proper refrigeration to have access to life saving blood on demand. Amazing innovation can come from developing countries, Cuba is a great example as well.
Amazing
Never subbed so fast
Dang the last 2 minutes of the video is inspiring, make sure to watch it!
0:39 Madhu Prakash(?) and his tech.. Where can I get one / learn more???
Wow...you met bill gates congrats !!
Okay the water looks clear, but how does it taste? Like dirt?
smartest person ever was probably either Archimedes or tesla. Coincidentally both invented death rays, soooo maybe not such a good thing to foster that.
Only 12 a year, get unsubscribed!!
Plague inc example?
I saw this powder get used to clean a lake
Feat. Bill Gates!!???
Honestly, you are genuinely a great human being in such day and age.
"Now we drink!"
But is it cleaning the water from bacteria?
Who else was drinking water by watching this.
great video
Love Bill Gates, great video :) I literally came to see you clean water.. and get surprised by this! noice
"I want everybody to be happy but there is such thing as over population.

The moremlives save the more lives are endangered, the less food ther is, the less space."
So what I am getting is that capitalism is great and lifts up the poor...I guess AOC was weong
Can you do more videos if posable I know you spend a long time to make them                   your my favourite YouTuber so I wait for so long and everyone else hope you upload more if not every month
Chlorine....in drinking water? Explain!
This vid makes me Want to Fix all the worlds Problems
Not worth helping countries with economic systems that prevent growth.
Instead of drinking parasites you get to drink chlorine
Jeff bezos bdw
Bill gates is not the richest man alive its Jeff Bezos
The person who created fire is the smartest person ever
12 videos a year?... uhh maybe you should work on that...
America already suffers from affluenza. Tons of money. No innovation. Ninety percent poor.
He was the richest
Causes more deaths than HIV AIDS and malaria combined. Something seems off there... HIV is the virus that causes AIDS, how are they counted separately. You put 3 fingers up. The fuq
And what removes the chlorine from the water? Just trading poisons.
5:54 i actually said OMG Bill Gates xdxdxd
tbh he probably paid bill
this man really out here employing kids to do his dirty work.
you're an inspiration & a motivation
Lol the plague inc ref
Bill Gates is the most richest person person in the world but he isn't walking into his house with Gucci and supreme... smart guy
So 1 part pond water and 1 part bleach. I'll stick to my artisan well. In the US water is "cleansed" with chemical after chemical, to call it clean drinking water is a mistake. But then we can look at other countries that have very dense populations of people with their sewage running into the river they need to survive. It's survival of the fittest, we already have a population  problem, let nature run it's course.
I wouldn't call the pull of the level clean water... there are things in most tap sources... just not enough to make anyone sick.
Great video
Awesome
Great message man
2 mins in, just tell me how much it cost to make this "powder"
Amazing product, yet the package is made of plastic...
1:08 is it okay?
buddy pulled dirty water outa the burger bag and bill was lowkey bouta slap u
stu from king gizzard would not use this product
Whats next playing basketball with the queen of england
I would give every dollar I had to give everyone the opportunity for clean drinking water
Rostow's theory of Modernization on Global Inequality
Fantastic work!
I dont understand how come this super positive video is getting dislikes
Imagine having Bill Gates in your video and not even putting a "ft. Bill Gates" in your title. The absolute madlad. Ultimate surprise guest
FLINT STILL NEEDS WATER
I really wanted to see you drink with bill at the end :(
He used plauge inc gameplay lmao
You know P&G owns gellet? Lol
Does it work on sea water ?
first
you meet billgates dude !
Well, the main reason why the third world is poor, is because we continously kill leaders who wants the ressources to go to the population of their nation, instead of going cheaply to the west, and support corrupt leaders that help us to get those ressources cheap. Try feature Noam Chomsky next time, and hear him out on the topic. There's a lot that can be done, the big business just isn't interested in humanity, but profits.
Why dislike I literally don't understand wtf
This is a very good video Mark.
bills kitchen is really nice
You should have shaken the bottle without the stuff in it, that would make sure that just the shaking is not what causes the dirt to fall to the bottom.
5:23 STUDIO C!?!?!?!?
We <3 you Mark Rober! You can change the world!
Invent a centrifuge by making something all the kinds in my school made as a toy. It was called a "rah rah" because of the sound it made.
Like how there is a message conveyed behind the experiment.
Give a man a fish, and he eats for a day.  Teach a man to fish, and he eats when he's lucky.
9:45 this is child abuse
R.I.P opey rover
He lowkey looks like tyson fury
Did Bill Gates drink that water?
BROOO YOU'VE GOT BILL GATES GOOD JOB BROOOOOO
1:14 trend crave music!
Is anybody else thirsty after watching this video?
Saving the world. Uses a straw.
"Mark,
What you do is making the world a better place please continue on your quest and inspire others, thank you."
You are doing nothing to save the world .
6:10 someone should make this a meme
Bill Gates is the most intelegent human lol.
hey come back to Seattle and say hi to me
I feel like Bill Gates has been more open recently, marques brownlee was with gates and now you! crazy.
Im watching this on Bill Gates console, the Xbox lol.
You shoud do 24 vids in 2019
Bill gates? You should ask him "where is windows 9"
Nasty swamp water? Well it kind of looks like chocolate milk, so I would drink it xD
2:36 what an actual god
HIV and AIDS are the same thing mr scientist
Why don't u make way more videos a year instead of 12
Great video! I love showing your videos to my engineering classes. Does anyone know where to get 10 or so packets for demonstration purposes?
Clean the water with clorine. Good idea
Bill really likes his burgers
2:30 this sounding like waterboy
drinks water
Love the content. I have watched this three times. Every time I watch, I think of something new. It's great to see someone who cares about the world around them, and make the entire human race leap forward. Every single video has been so inspiring. Thank you.
Did Bill drink the water?
Interesting
Respect for not click baiting bill gates
Number 12 on trending where I live.
Damn what a sad video
Even I felt a shade of sadness when Mark told Bill there were no burgers :(
"Dude, you are amazing!
Thank you!"
"6:20
hahaha"
love it
What would happen if you pour all of it into a giant river
You look like my dance teacher
I got first in my regional science
"That chlorine...
5:51 Bill Gates is no longer the richest person on Earth."
Thank you for the video Mark, that product will save millions of lives and your videos are a true inspiration for my kids to use their brain power to do GOOD
Nobody expect Bill Gates!
"2:26 
Who only makes 1 video every month
When will they know that you will not win a bet with Uncle Mark!!!
I was taking a shower while I was watching this... I felt terrible
I hope the ignorant can see the good in helping now"
We should care aboute plastic
Everyone should watch this
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP!
ur saying chlorine is safe to drink?
Ultimate selfish reason to support foreign aid: If poor countries get rich, they have more money to buy your products.
Why does he only make 12 videos a year?
"is this not monitized?
youtube done goofed"
"Mark and Bill!


Wow."
lol waterboy those kids probably never have seen it theyre young enough to have missed the waterboy generation.. and also he said "Love Dick's" i think that was unintended
great video mark! thanks for focusing on how important this issue is.
Do a video on the Mars Rover.
Is Flint using these packets???!!!
this 1k haters should be all killed to clear the world
Bill gates made roughly $180,000 wile doing this
Truly truly quality content in this one.
I love this type of video
DIDNT EVEN MENTION BILL GATES IN THE TITLE
good job next time get actual friends
Day in the life of bill gates
Can you use this for sea water?
THIS IS AWESOME SCIENCE IS THE BEST IT WILL SAVE THE WORLD
YOUR THE GUY
You should start making more then 12 videos a year please you are actually my favorite YouTube
Delicious water
Jeff Bezos has left the chat.
Kill half the population, problem solved
I think that Mark is so amazing with the way he changes the world and makes people understand things in a way that I would have never thought of.
What an awesome product! Really cool video!I have a hypothetical question. On a larger scale, could you turn a small murky lake into a clear one? I assume the shaking action of the bottle is the activator or the powder? I scuba dive, and was thinking how cool would it be to turn the viability from five feet to one hundred.
Oh come on YouTube he was talking about the restaurant
do the keep playing a bluegrass version of afromans colt 45
Man.. you need to activate some spanish subtitles!
So you talk about chlorine and ploymeres - what about the dirt - does it affect the environment???
mommy"
Nikola Tesla...smartest person that ever lived. Him or Mozart..
To save the world
Hi my name is Willie Dirrell. I live in Flint Michigan and there is a water crisis going on. The water is contaminated with lead and it is effecting families that live here. I was curious to know if that powder would actually help with our water situation. If so this would be life changing.
Bill jumping over gates.
5:50 isn't jeff bezos the richest man in the world
#GoodBye Opportunity
You made it look so easy to meet THE Bill Gates
Bill doesn't realize that some Americans can't give 1000 dollars away for aid because they don't have it
Naked rats don't need water
Every Mark Rober video is a blessing
No shade tho I love they guy"
Human capital.  The most important capital there is.
Okay you removed the dirt did you really remove the microbes and parasites? They are very stubborn.
How Does the powder called?
"The best channel on yt. 
Leaving NASA was a blessing."
2:34 hillarity ensues
I completely agree it helps all of us when we help others out of poverty. Our biggest problem is people who have plenty are not satisfied with what they have and want what others have. In America the average person is probably richer than 99.99% of all people to have lived before 1910. We also have clean running water, transportation, electricity, more variety in food than ever before, communication, etc yet we get mad/jealous of the 1%. The internet/social media has shown us other lives that appear better (probably aren't but people don't post their failures/struggles) than our own and fosters envy. If there is a threat to the stability of our country, it is this envy of others who we view as better than ourselves.
Bill is rich, but humble.
You say that you like Nintendo and you interview Bill gates in the same video. So ironic
Bill Gates should be the president on Earth!
HIV and AIDS are the same thing.
Mark you used the wrong there/their/they're in your description! C'mon man the NASA scientist can't be doing that!
Absolutely amazing! It is a miracle, of sorts. But what about chemicals??
bill gates wants to help the world buts wants to charge  $100 just for a windows key
8:23 is that the app Plague INC
unix > windows
Xxx
So he saved the word rn
Mommy.  Lol.
I guess Bill didn't drink the swamp water...
I know a lot of people who would say it's better to teach someone how to fish than giving them a fish when it applies to them, but when it someone else they just strait up say they can learn on their own and get their own fish.
Pour 10000 packets of the powder into the swamp
There was another asian guy and I think he was doing his PhD and came up with something like this to clean out his big pond by departing dirt from water .
This is amazing!!!
Man you make me emotional with these videos. Love ya
I had to watch the video twice. The fact you had bill gates on the video left me.. speechless and completely lost lmao nice man! You do great things
This is very commendable... You didn't even mention bill Gates was in the title for any form of clickbate
You met bill gates
GETS AIDS
I NEVER comment youtube videos, this time worths saying thanks.
Sponsored by Microsoft
"Goes to meet bill gates




Uses warp pipe from Super Mario Bros"
When he said he was going to talk with Bill Gates I thought he was joking
Woah
Why do you only make 12 videos a year?
Make more videos like this
Shrek be like... WHAT ARE YA DOIN' DRINKIN' MAH SWAMP
He needs a tv show
Plague Inc. lmao
#MrCoolUncle
Hi
Too bad the guy works for proctor cams gamble. They need to fail
6:20 Did bill gates just say what I think he said????
Praise Mark the video is 11 minutes long with no adds.
Whoa, make the world a better place
Does it taste good tho
2:55 I still am waiting to find out what that microscopic roomba is
Dude did you here the mars rover died on mars due to a large dust storm
The kid on the left at 2:00 knows whats up
Mark is this approach effective against heavy metal contamination? Could you comment on that?
"Mark,
your rartred"
My family has the same microwave as Bill Gates!
I was hoping he would take a sip of the water lol
So bill h
This is a big leap. Someday we'll figure out the secret to purifying salt water for consumption too
How does it work with salt water?
8:24 ayy my favorite game plague inc
Does anyone other than P&G sell it? After that gillette advert all P&G products should be boycotted.
U know just casually meeting the second richest man on earth!! It's usual.
wait wtf , he actually met bill gates , wtf
Well then ill see you guys in one month
Clean water should be every where atleast
sometimes I wonder if I saw bill gates in public and asked him for 1000 dollars would he give it to me? like just 1000 dollars would affect me so much yet him so little.
At this rate I wouldn't be surprised if Bill gates shows up in a pewdiepie video man
1st world countries profit from the fact that 3rd world countries suffer. So no, they only act like they care about them while in fact they steal their riches and put dictators to rule them.
Haha plague inc!
Bill, the example with Japan doesn't make any sense. It had already been an industrialized regional superpower.
Mark Rober and Colinfurze collab
Put some of that in ocean water
You earned a sub for saving the world
8:25 I wonder what that plague inc. score was
I was just curious, what happens to the polymers over time? Do they eventually biodegrade or are the particles trapped like this for a long period of time?
How about oils in water, it's works on this ?
What are you doing in my swamp?!?
Whats the song at 3:05???
If you are reading this before you watched the video, Bill Gates is in this video at 5:55
Please upload more!
The only down side is that the tourism my kill people
omg  rilly met bill gates
3:20 hiv is aids
Rainy was so funny she was like "mom"
Mark, I hope that you know that you are changing the world through information. I could go on for hours about how great your humanitarian efforts are, but I just wanted to say that. Thank you.
I love your vids even you upload every month.
The is no way this product is in Tunisia I live here and there is nothing like this
Some of the best content on YouTube.
Elon Musk is smarter.
"call me crazy but I find this a bit frightening without a few more questions being answered. 
what happens to the sludge at the bottom that now contains the coagulant and the polymers?
and what are the long term results of having them in the environment?
do they break down? if so how long?
do they continue to have that effect on waters they come into contact with?
and if so how will it effect lakes and streams if sediment acts so radically different?
do they harm life if consumed?
do they contain substances that will build up over time in the food chain?
has any one studied the long term results of this to make sure it will not create a larger problem for us all down the road?"
Thanks  for the  Kiwi Crate code  on  the paint  war video
There is a shot were  the Earth is actually the game plague inc.
10-Oct
You gotta be lucky to meet bill gates
poo water
Can you make the robotic arm from the drama 'Love is in the air'?
I'm confused, isn't chlorine poisonous?
He olny makes 12 videos a year!?
Why do u pluck your eyebrows?
Are there any flaws with the packets?
I hate Bill Gates.    He has been screwing up every computer I've had since the late 80's.
This guy is like PlayStation He consideres Quality over Quantity
THIS IS AMAZING!!!!
Hi to whoever is reading this comment! I hope you accomplish a goal of yours today!! I did recently by making a video for my 100 subscribers on YouTube, so just believe in yourself because you CAN do it!!!
Thank you for caring for our world
Una leyenda frente a otra
Congrats. You have become a meme
Foreign aid takes money from poor people in the US and gives it to rich people in foreign countries.
Before they said Albert Einstein I was actualy thinking of him
You should have said it.lol
Did you just rob a child
Sort of sad nobody mentioned Hawking though
Mark the content and meaning behind your videos is awesome
This guy just saved the planet
Shrek is not happy about this...
Are you from San jose
"I wrote exactly this in my college essays   just last mounth
About  brain capital"
"It might be a bit cheesy, but the whole argument for selfish reasons to help, the stability one?  It reminds me of one of yoda's quotes.

""Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, and hate leads to suffering""   Fits pretty well."
Any one wanna support each other channel
This is potentially one of the most optimistic YouTube videos and increases my faith in humanity. Bravo.
Where's my money
Does this powder work with salt water?
1k dislikes is isis
This is what YouTube is for
Tell us how it's made, please.
SELFISH ALTRUISM IS THE BEST IDEOLOGY EVER.
Anyone else think it was gonna say to save pewdiepie?
Really just hits you in the feels.
8:28 Plague Inc.???
because of you i now want to sponser the company and help the world
nice video
you know why you are special? because instead of naming the title "meeting Bill Gates" you named it something else without even mentioning him. good job, that only shows that you dont need clickbaity titles to make people click on your videos
Great video
"8:06
DAM the lady on the right is merry popins no joke"
I'm so proud I found this channel
"Your a Hero 
My dude met fricken Bill Gates! I swear.
not enough people have watched this video
Scan u please leave a link to those pAckets so I can order some for the poor please
"I liked the video its good to see a billion air come back down to earth, and given something back to the world that made him wealthy, which he has been doing for quite some time. The part i didnt like was the constant phrase used rich countries helping the poor countries. When in reality the so called rich countries are hemridging money quicker then they can make it, quite literally. The better way to say it would be the rich 1% of the residence of the world, should be helping the poor people of the world. Not only the 90 countries mentioned, as those people have great minds aswel, they are just trying to survive in a life of poverty created by the rich people using there money to find loop holes in a system they helped create so they dont have to help the greater population. Im sure there is way more to add and i have some spelling and gramma mistakes, though i know my point has been made. 
I look forward to all your videos, they are trully inspiring and will help our young for years to come. :)"
sub2me
Now I'm your subscriber too :) #SpreadPositivity
I absolutely agree with helping others countries, just builds a great alliance in where we could need help one day. If we build each others economy, we advance much quicker. Alkaline water and foreign substances free. Level 8 alkalinity water
Wait wait wait wait at 4:54 it was Romania?! I come from and I am Romanian
There is a reason that Bill Gates is the richest man of the world. Because he is intelligent!
The mentality that you are speaking of is called egoistic altruism by Kurzgesagt. I fully support that way of thinking!
I drink swamp water with metal in it when im at countryside, it pumps from swamp
Casually collaborating with Bill Gates , you are a boss Mark!
Man I should change my last name to einstein
Yea but will it get rid of the so called tOxIC MaScULinItY?
Dude how can u just ask bill Gates to be in ur video?!?!
First there is deforestation, now there is deswampation... shrek will die... :'(
in the communities where their water supply is ruined is whose fault? ohhh yeah their own
Is there any way to buy those packets? I just wanna see how it works in person
"It's incredible the chain reaction that something so simple creates.
This is really inspiring to be part of the development and evolution of humanity.
Thank you.

Mark Rober, YOU ROCK !!!"
Or we send money and supplies to these countries and it gets stolen or used to support their civil wars or terrorist that come to kill us...
Question: do these also remove toxins like metals for example
Very well made and beautiful content, Keep it up!
I'm upset Nikola Tesla wasn't mentioned.
They did not even use gloves to get the water
Great video!
the issue is if all third world countries become first world countries whos going to build are iphones or other electronics and clothing the only reason why most of these things are economically feasible atm are due to cheap / child labour in other countries.
This actually made me cry...
Damn you are so goood!
why are the dust only negatively charged?
wait so you make only 1 video a month thats why i dont see any new videos please try to post quicker also no hate sorry >.<
Rip bill gates
who tf would dislike this video even
I think this is my favorite video. It made me tear up and I don't know why haha
3:43 is that Bubly
I like seeing the boring company flame thrower in the background
1k thumbsdown are pizza roll haters because what else would they dislike about this video
Man, you have my respect. More channels like this. Thanks for the information, you inspired me a lot, let's make this a better world :)
Uh ok
And why are there people disliking this? Smh idiots
He made Bill Gates, pizza rolls.. what a G
Don't get ecoli
Wow I watched a whole video about learning and I was not bored
Alum. Water treatment plant in a package.
Looks like Arizona Ice Tea
"Is this better or the same as the us military issued version called Chlor-floc?   

It does the same thing and comes in sachets."
How does one dislike a video like his?
Just put it in the ocean
dirt magnets? my professor called them chelsy handler lol  dirt magnets!! lol
2:55 Technically, Tradigrades are an exception to the water rule as they can go 10 years without it. But yeah they do thrive in water.
Big facts.
Another top notch video! He's the SECOND richest man. :-)
amazing and brillant
Absolutely awesome
12 videos a Year? Wow your so lazy.
Another great video. Thanks for this one!
"Thank you for this video 
This actually would really change the lives of millions of people"
that stank water looks like chocolate milk
but if it could help people make a better world. The ones at the top thriving off of suffering like banks and real estate and pharmacies will hate it.
But wouldn't the chlorine alone suffice? I mean dirt isn't poisonous and if all the things that can harm you are dead anyway, what's the harm in a little dirt?
I need more than 12 videos a year. You're breaking my heart.
I love your work. You use to work at NASA but now you spread the word about being a flat earther and keep us all entertained! great vids keep it up
"Bill Gates mentions Sony
PLAYSTATION has left the chat"
8:28 plague inc
I really want to meet the 1k that disliked this video
XRP - New global reserve currency... The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation knows it too
Bill Gates did not actually even go near that water... Let alone drink it?? Also chlorine is toxic and in such large quantities needed to 'clean' this water I'm failing to trust you or the product you're trying to show us... Sorry
Dude really used a plague inc. clip
Hell yes man.  Hell yes.  That is a goal worth setting.
Bill Gates is on everything now
youi maoma GAYA
Thirst by Scott Harrison is a must read with this kind of stuff
very nice looking video
My dad works for p&g awesome
Pff, in save the world daily in fortnite STW
You know you completed life when you casually talk to THE Bill Gates
This is why mark rober is the best YouTubed on earth, all of his videos are interesting and they teach you everything, they help you learn new stuff. And then. The titles, when I got into this video,  I never thought that this video would include the richest man alive in it. Hey mark, I am from Mexico, and my English is not that great, but I just wanted to say thanks for all your videos and I am starting to think that leaving nasa was the right decision for you jajaj
A+ man great video!
Imagine being given an opportunity to meet one of the richest people in the history of humanity and you cook him pizza rolls.
dang. ur video is kinda inspiring.
CHILD ABUSE
It's a great thing to help others. However, it should come through voluntary charity and not taxation since taxes are a violation of property rights.
this video is proof quality > quantity, really inspiring video with a lot of great points.  We need more youtubers like you
It turns out that you went to my school to see Fiddler on the Roof a while back, and I'm super jealous I didn't get to meet you. My friend did though and he has a picture haha (his name is also Mark). Hopefully you come for our next play!
He looks like seth McFarland
hey Jeff Bezos is richer
Did you put the straw at the bottom? Cuz if you did you drank some of the mud
You can try the life straw
Am I still the only one thinking whether he got those $20?
did gates not know about these packets? did he end up trying the water?
Mark Rober is the only person who would not include Bill Gates in his thumbnail after having him in his video.
..
Shrek hates u
Yeah sure the richest man on planet earth.
Tell bill to calab with Nintendo
What were the 1044 people thinking?
I prefer distilled water
Did you take any money from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation before or after making this video?
Liked how you just chopped it up with Bill Gates and didnt fan boy much, or was that not filmed? I would be gushing and asking about fixing windows updates...ffs bill
Mark Rober is the best
Quality content op
This video is amazing
This is absolutely amazing. It shows that people care and if that can spread the world can grow and learn into an amazing place.
Nah, that opossum is just sleeping
Awesome vid..
Wow completely normal thumbnail and title but an interview with bill gates, thats honorable
Petition for mark to post 24 times if he reaches 6.5 million
"Mark: Gives kids dirty water
Kid: dIeS
Mark: :0"
Thank you Mark for a great video.  I look forward to all of your videos.  They are inspiring and thought provoking.   take care buddy...
Smarter Every Day music...


How can 1000 people dis like this video!"
The text pandemic? Hmm chronic wasting disease?
NOTHING good comes from P&G. I want scientific proof of no harmful chemical compounds left in the clear water. I agree, however, that it's a good alternative if nothing else is available for the unfortunate.
It has a clarifier, like alum, in it. But this one works much, much faster. Then it also has much more mixed with it that makes it quite a splendid mixture. I wonder whatnthe pH of the water is once you put that powder in it, because adding too much of something like alum can result in a very acidic solution. I'm certain this was taken into account, but I'm just wondering. Or also, does it balance the pH of basic or acidic water as well as counteracting sulfate or fertilizer compounds in water?
Mrbeast monopoly is 1 on trending and this is 11 haha classic YouTube priorities
Yikes
vsauce..vertacium... minute physics ... smarter everyday and u Buddy... u r the reason why i like internet..u smake me feel how lucky we r to have YouTube... thank you all
Dude's kitchen is a convenient store.
The next epidemic: [name you would use in plaque inc]
bill, coolest billionair in the world
8:11 is an army not isis
I made a pipe that takes you to the other end of the galaxy
kassa kassa
Great video & double thumbs up for not using Mr. Gates as a thumbnail.
The coolest video I've seen so far.......I mean Bill Gates was in it
I know you love AAAAAAAAAAAA
"Hey, can anyone explain to me...
Why would a thousand people dislike this video?"
I read an article about you in school lol
Where do I buy the stuff?
In the modern day, it's in everyone's best interest for everyone else to be as successful as possible. Modernizing developing countries means that millions of people now have the opportunity to become doctors, engineers, scientists, authors, and so much more. Looking backward and for ourselves is no longer in anyone's best interest.
Those 1000 people who disliked this video are disgusting.
CHLORINE?
Bill gates wants you dead
Earned a sub from me. Good video
You know I have to say, that is not how I thought Bill Gates would sound.
Damm mixed feelings watching this for someone who studies international development... the point this video is making is nothing more than self interest reasons, security and prosperity for us? Who is us? Merely the developed countries again.
Finally a good recommendation video
Your Why i Love Science
9:38 lol
I just donated $90.
I totally agree with with your closing comments after seeing war several times.  I know if we could just stop the bs I could be in space drinking a beer or something
Does it get rid of bacteria
HOLY F!CK U MEET BILL GATES
I hope everyone has Mark's ideology towards poor countries. It would really save a lot of people from dying.
2:36 In her constitution, the power of the purse is vested in one part of the bicameral legislature called Parents, the Mother
"Love d#%ks"
You mentioned the teach a man to fish, and all I can think of is the "Teach a man to fish, you'll have less fish. He's a man, he should already know" - Ron Swanson
Great video but I'm not getting the association of Bill Gates with Nintendo.  Xbox would have been more appropriate...
4:54 how come it hasnt been used in the us?
Do it!
This made me smile!!!  Im typically a cynic when it comes to humanity btw so you accomplished quite a feat to make me do something i find quite difficult in doing; having faith in humanity.  Continue your fine work sir.
Even tho this aint an add, this is THE best P&G add I've ever seen! O_O
There is an exception... Dont know if its a insect or a bakteria but there is a liveform wich canive without water
Who disliked this?
When you make a video with bill gates, BUT dont put his name in the title to get more views, clap clap well done (wholesome)
Bill Gates is a really nice guy, now that I see this... Bill How u doing with all ur thousands of kids (they said so when I killed them in fortnite)
U sir are a legend.
Nice.  And thanks for turning me on to both the P&G project and Gates' newsletter.  Impressive and uplifting.
Lmao Bill's condition is getting worse
8:27 Really nice game "Plague Inc."
I'm glad you made that package glitter bomb, otherwise I may have missed out on the true genius of your channel. Keep up the great videos reminding us of the wonder of science and the importance of humanity.
What a great video
"""I did what any rational person would do and made the richest man on earth- some pizza rolls""


I love the idea of someone just whipping up pizza rolls for someone with a networth of billions."
Nice
That powder belongs on r/blackmagicfuckery
.......lucky
My mom told me a really old story and TD:LR: She served Bill Gates lunch at a small restuarant in my home town before I was born
Pretty sure you don't eat water
8:25 plague INC anyone?
This is awesome,but I am afraid it wont work for long and we need to do this,but for sea water (not a scientist or anything,just telling my opinion)
Thanos snap will kill all those people who disliked this video
If the title was "Bill Gates eats a pizza roll", this video would have 5x as many views.
wasnt aware to this specific product.. ferrate oxides which has similar inoculating properties as shown.. cringed when narrator sipped the lower half of the sedimentation as the top strata layer is purest.. i wouldve topped the 25% into a cup.. filled the filtration bottle again, then skim off  25% addtionnaly giving a half bottle clean.. also wouldve pre filtered the water through fabric to get larger particulates out so coagulation would take effect on tinier substances and organisms..
L O V E    D I C K S
Much respect for not using Bill Gates in the thumbnail
Love your videos, make them more frequently, I can lend you the time stone from an alternate reality, if you wish
Where can I get this product? It would be a great companion for my life straws. Does it work with salt water?
You have, by far, one of the best channels on Youtube. I would much rather only have 12 videos a year that are of this quality than 100 mediocre ones. Keep up the awesome work Mark!
Alright alright
If u go 48 minutes without oxygen you die
My daily feastings.
That's what I thought...if every person on Earth played basketball, Michael Jordan will not be the GOAT.
Its flock,I use it in my pool.
"Thanks for doing this Mark! Really important stuff you do, even in the more ""Fun"" projects you are an important influence for our future.

Joon"
And all those kids got parasite for playing in a drainage pond.
YOU ARE AWESOME =D!
Wow! Bill is so humble!
Cool video as always and I didn't expect to see Bill Gates lol
This excellent video deserves a better title.
I'm suprised he didn't put bill gates in the title
Amazing video, with amazing people. I hope this takes off to help 3rd world and 2nd world countries aswell. My Parents come from 3rd and 2nd world countries and found that most people from 1st world countries take daily things for granted like food, water, shelter, and even family. I'm so happy to see a video like this, so thank you.
"Hepatitis A wants to know your location
Yes/No"
Love Bill Gates. Not a flexer...just a good man who knows the deal.
Chlorine???
idk man, i'd still boil it to be sure. D:
Can it turn saltwater into drinkable water?
To help you started... the first step would be give out those package country without fresh waters.
Bill lowkey wanted that burger
What if you get a giant pack of those and pour it in a dirty lake
Bill gates is awesome honestly would love to hang out with him he seems like my kind of guy and an awesome personality
"Smartest person in recorded history is believed to be William James Sidis.

His IQ was between 225 and 300"
Good to be good!
"Meets Bill Gates

Gives him pizza rolls"
I'd be curious to know the turbidity of the of the water post-treatment. The turbidity (i.e. clarity) of the water after going through our plant's clarifier but before going through our filters is typically between 0.5 and 1.0 NTUs. Post-filtration is around 0.05 to 0.10.
i think bill gates likes to help 3rd world countries so he can have all of his computers and electronics made there done with cheap labor and no health insurance no pensions no regulations on factories lol.
Can we give this to flint, Mi.
Could this help with that flint water crisis?
8:24 this scene is from the game called plague inc
The Problem is that out World isnt ready for everyone to be healthy and wealthy, There's not enought for everyone.
12 VIDS A YEAR OMG IVE UNSUBSCRIBED







Fuk"
The "rich countries" vs "poor countries" dichotomy is misleading and doesn't tell the story as to why these countries are in the position they are. Congo is called a "poor country" but it has immense wealth when it comes to resources. The vid talks about giving aid to poor countries as if it is charity or as if they are naturally poor and it is up to us to help them (even for selfish reasons). What is not told is that for many of these countries the aid given is a fraction of the amount these countries are forced to pay on the servicing of loans alone, loans they had to "accept" and many which were accepted by crooked leaders appointed non-democratically and often times backed by the west. Not to mention the resources which are exported out of the country for the profit of conglomerates. Look up on Thomas Sankara's (President of Burkino Faso) speech on debt, it's on youtube. There is the reason he was killed.
Kurgezat in a nutshell did a vid in the selfish argument  for helping the world and it's pretty good
One of the greatest people to grace the planet and help spread the message of helping everyone. Thanks mark rober
I would still boil it
Thank you for spreading the knowledge. I'm truly happy content like this is being made. Hope you receive this message keep up with the environment/making-the-world-better content.
Indonesia need this! JEKARDAH!!! DO THIS TO YOUR DIRT WATER!!!
Normal day for mark: Meet a billionaire
Happy Autism awareness month.
So this plus a life straw equals bobby buche water?
when you meet bill gates because of youtube thats when you know your accomplished
When you said you made 12 videos a year i just realized that anyone else
Sponsored by Tortino's Pizza Rolls.
We need less humans overpopulation is not a myth
Magic
This should be the video on #1 Trending. Not some late night show garbage.
8 on trending  gj mark
"Which in turn makes the 3rd world countries a better place to live, which grows population, which requires more food to feed that population
So now water is still the same with people throwing garbage at it and on top of that there's a food shortage
I hate to say it.. but overpopulation is a thing that cannot be disregarded
I don't mind at all that we help everyone and anyone in need
But just teach people to use condoms for crying out loud
And also make them understand that having so many children is making it worse!"
9:50 "Who spent all of their time just trying to survive!" Wow; a truly excellent point. I was thinking Tesla but your so right. You never cease to amaze and inspire.
Disgusting
A guy in Japan did this to his hometown lake. Forgot the video but you should partner with him for an interesting project or video
that is great! go bill and mark!
"I HAVE A QUESTION
Can this powder be used with animals around it? Example: putting it in a tank with fish filled in it??"
Bill Gates has entered the chat
This is where marques met bill gates (i think)
Hey NASA man, can you please save Opportunity please
You sir, are one of the most humble and interesting internet person I know. Thank you for sharing this
Baby water
8:25 Plague inc
"Some of us look to save lives in developing countries to better the world.

Most of others just repeatedly say Sub to Pewdiepie and make memes."
He could use Bill's name in title of the video, but he didn't. A Great Youtuber.
There was dead stuff in the water and u boil the water to kill any parasites and germs 2:27 lol
7:38 WALL-E
Why I cannot double like!!!!
First it was tide pods now swamp water...lol
Why billgates not going for presedent i think his kinda cool and hee can help the world
#nomoneyinacure
What happens to the bacteria.
11 on trending wow good job
Wait didn't the guy who made the power clean the lake??
Go higho Marko Wobo!
"First time seeing your vid and first time I see person that thinks like I do (I am talking about malaria tool)
BTW. Hahahah with Bill Gates, it didn't work :D
PS. I don't agree with you. Maybe I am selfish by saying that, but you are selfish by being rich and not seeing that cheap working power is against people who don't have money in normal countries. You got all you want from your YT revenue, but there are like millions of people that don't have that in Europe or USA. That is pretty selfish of you to bring more cheap work power to the market. Same with Bill Gates. He got everything."
"See you next week
Isn't Jeff Bezos the richest?
mmmmmmm stop making your videos so good
Sadly this isn't how big politicians see things they just seek to be more superior to others :(
Congrats on 6 mill!
4:33 whats the goddamn 0.1 bacteria who survived
Bill gates joined the chat
I get how we use chlorine to "clean" water enough to drink. However, What happens to the chlorine before it enters the human body and what happens to the human body once the chlorine is inside. Long term affects of chlorine are? Can the chlorine be eliminated before drinking and can remineralizing occur aswell?
Using plague Inc. as a reference lol
Using a Nintendo reference to go see the CEO of Microsoft is a bold move. Lol
Did I happen to miss where we as consumers can purchase this product?
"So what did you do today?

Had a normal conversation with bill gates."
How did you not freak out when you just met Bill Freaking Gates!?!?
what do you think of spacex? :D
I hope those  packets are biodegradable
Can I put this in my toilet?
Nice video:)
2:01 a slav and his young slavs
Is the chlorine absorbed into the water or does it coagulate also. Or is it safe to drink
Might've subbed if you made content more frequently. Just a video a month doesn't seem worth it
"You can live 3 weeks without food" - bull$hit. You can live much, much longer without food! Average human has enought body fat to live for months without any food, water only.
5:30 Speedrunners hate him!
ive never heard bill gates say sony ever.
Don't you need to boil the water?
No country was created rich. Why don't poor countries help themselves?
Why on earth would Someone Dislike This ? He's doing a good thins and trying to help people.
Thank you mark, very cool
WHO THE HELL DISLIKES CLEAN WATER FOR THIRD WORLD CHILDREN!?!?
Sounds like globalist propaganda, but ok.
Stunning video, you have a lot of good points about helping others and why we should help others even in a selfish standpoint! Please make more videos like these!
What happened to that last water bottle. There was still some dirt floating on top.
Bill bill bill....
Dadgummit man, you made so many good points.
isn,t chlorine bad for you?
what an amazing thing! what amazing people in this video, that very much includes you Mark; how cool is it that you're having such a huge impact on the world? just by posting this video its going to help the world so much. Keep up the good work friend.
You do realize you are just a leech who steals other people's ideas then makes videos and money. Go. Get  a real job and make some real money rather than stealing. You are like a Man who steals patents and profits frm them. Be an actual man rather than a failure who steals other people's work.
Did Bill Gates drink the water?
Get me to 100 subs it has always been my dream
The powder is crack
The government created this!
Please be careful, we know what happends with Tesla...
Pretty sure jeff bezos is richer than bill gates
So the last step of this powder is killing small bacteria. But this bacteria does not go to the ground it still floats in the water, wich means you are eating dead bacteria. An 0.01 percent living bacteria. But if the water is 70 percent bacteria, you eat a Lot of bacteria
How did u got bill in ur video
"Bill is E P I C
Mark is E P I C E R







But did you tell the developing nations to subscribe to pewdiepie ?"
"this is exactly why you are an amazing human being. 

not only do you come up with extraordinary unique content, you voice ideas that could help MILLIONS of people. 

thank you for educating us, bill gates wouldn't just spend time with anyone :)"
Wanna save the world?  Defeat Thanos.
Wow bill Gates!
Liking every video (and bill gates eating pizza rolls)
5:49 it's still Jeff until the divorce is settled.
dies of diarrea
That jacket is swell!
Yo did anyone see that girl with the bowl on her head
Only problem is if every country used the same amount of fossil foils as 1st world countries out planet wouldn't survive as long as it has or will
Love how you explained EVERYTHING that a water treatment plant does. Seriously, that's what happens.
why didn't anyone say that Leonardo Da Vinci was the smartest? cuz he obviously was.
Crazy how he didn't even Bill Gates in the title/thumbnail.
You should be the next Mr. Wizard.
9:43 actually ben shapiro or elon musk
"Fire video man very inspirational, educational thanks for this. 






Obviously only works for biological contamination.
*to save PewDiePie
Ayo can i use this for my aquarium?
"#MarkRober
Bill gates is one among committee 300 which been controlled by Global/ British deep state . They have to take orders from higher that's how system Works orelse we the people have to wake up !?!"
in germany we would call you "Ehrenmann"
Wow, I wasnt gonna expect to see  Bill "Forced Eugenics for the third world" Gates in this.
Bill talks about helping other countries so they don't spread deceises yet somehow you still can't seem to do it in the us you have so many ANTI VAXERS
"I will unsubscribe.
Bill Gates is not a roll model to be looked up to.  He is globalist scum.   Typical limousine leftist.  Do what I say,  not as I do.   Bet there are walls around every property he owns.
And Security guards with guns.   But Americans are not allowed either walls or guns to protect ourselves.   Hey Bill,  how is Venezuela working out?   Coming to LA next..
Oh wait..
They already are pooping in the streets now.   Well done globalist scum.
go on shak tank
Bro try it with salt water
Can you please change the title so more people click this, must watch
How can people dislike this video
Filtering though sand and gravel works well then boil, not as convenient but you don't need powder.
India has a lot of money to develop itself and become a great country than it is now but the money which is unknown to a common man goes into somebody's stomach and makes it big if there would be a diet plan to reduce that, it is quite easy to develop INDIA.
The same guy that said that vaccines are to kill off a lot of the population, are you serious lmao. Wake up and smell the roses.
"Sorry I believe Japan would have done it without us !
The Japanese are a proud and smart people !!!!!!"
The ONE thing that you NEED to be able to do it GET it to THE PEOPLE NOT the Gov of those countries or it does no good.
Would have been number one on trending if it was to save PewDiePie
Nice
that's many many great awesome reasons to make the world a better place and saving lives... we shouldn't even need one to help others, and with so many good reasons, nothing is stopping us now...
+++
Haha, Bill really liked those pizza rolls. He was glaring at that plate even after the handshake.
I would not trust that company they make Gillette
"Bill gates= Microsoft = Xbox 
This is incredible
Thank you for raising awareness for this stuff also if you want to help how's that can learn going to hiskids.com every dollar helps
XBOX IS OVER PS4
Nice
definitely sharing this!!! thanks for sharing
Do you have the B roll where Bill is in the bathroom puking up those pizza rolls?  :O
Get out of my swamp !
The only way JESUS will drink swamp water is if its impaled in your mother
Your a great guy, thanks for enlightening people and being the change you want to see in the world.
Mark, you're a superhero, true ispiration and hope. Thx
I love dihydrogen monoxide
Using this to revise my Chemistry GCSEs...
I live in Seattle
It just works
We are all in this together
great video Mark
The guy who made the powder looks like a chubbier Ben Shapiro in the first photo
iphone should have a offer like "if you buy a iphone, 10packs of this is produced and sent to developing nations"
Your videos are so great. They honestly make me want to get into science and engineering and just discover and do so much more
Nikola Tesla
Now do salt water
wow this video actually helped me a lot.
Isn't the chlorine bad?
I'd rather voluntarily give money via a monthly subscription than have my taxes taken, governments always spend that money you give them elsewhere to far more evil reasons.
MOMMMMMYYY"
See also: Egotistical Altruism by Kurzgesagt
#8 on trending! Lets go!!!
5:48 I have that microwave!
Rip Mars Rover
Drinking swamp water to save fortnite battle royale from apex
It would be awesome if they loaded up those fire fighter planes and dropped mass amounts into bacteria filled water sources.
Mark is one of the only true quality channels left, he doesnt exploit others for views or content, he creates it on his own and asks other to help him. By not puting bill in the thumbnail or title he showed that he truly cares about people learning and helping others more than making money or getting views.
Wonder what will happen if you put that powder in piss water
Seriously, why did someone dislike this video?? I wanna know the reason
DIDN'T EVEN MENTIONED BILL GATES IN TITLE
Where do I get these packets I want you dump a tons of this powder into the river which is now used for raw sewage disposal ,  thanks to careless municipal and loose government policies.
He gave the richest man of the world piazza rolls
I wanna know what to do to help
The 949 people who dislike this have no soul
Bill is very active in this field. Just google janicki omniprocessor
Do something about the science behind glass, maybe including brittle and ductile deformation.
Mark y can't u Upload more vids !! Cuz is pretty educational to watch ur vids
I literally teared up. Bravo!
Mars rover died f
There's always that one kid that's under prepared
1:50 child labor
P&G is not that same company responsible of causing the most contamination in the world?!?!
Could you make a video on the deer disease




USA- hold my beer"
Good job
Imagine pouring a bucket of the powder into a river
"Man You inspire me to work for a cause greater than my own selfish self. 
The perfect dude doesn't exi...."
"Dear super amazing person reading this, 
"I came here to say: GeT oUT of MY SwAMp

You are amazing
Lol I played plague inc. yesterday lol
Gets cholera to save the world
"Next video, we should expect to see the unimaginable - Bill drinking with Mark... !!!

Where can we get some of these packets to help out locally to help you spread awareness, Mark?"
Kids are a terrible unreliable source of income. They do not pay what they own, and they rarely have anything worth stealing.
This man cares. Enough said.
Bill is not the richest man in the world anymore. That would be Jeff Bezos.
I thought bill gates was dead from old age
What if you take tons of that powder and dump it into it a lake 0.0
Totally agree this works but when u where with the kids u didnt wear gloves and put your fingers in your mouth while waiting 2:05. If u got sick it wasnt from the water. Fyi
Some of the richest and smartest people never graduated high school.
Jesus you actually met bill gates
Gates is so humble lmao
If u had put ft. Bill Gates it'd get millions of views
seems like doing the same thing as they sell as brewery clearing products for beer production
I bet when he was talking to you he make like 100k+
Would you not just make like 24 vids a year?
106k likes and 937 dislikes.
Looks familiar. You can also use an extensive sediment, pre carbon, catylitic carbon, and post carbon filter to make it clear. But this is more effective. And microorganisms will consume the debris at the bottom of you pour this III need a a whole swamp
Funny how he says yes. YAHH
Stumbled with this channel, and man, after one video I subscribed, keep the good work, I don't mind waiting a month for quality content, this is what being  a youtuber should mean.
Next video: Fill a swimming pool with the powder
Don't really know how can someone dislike this video?
The hiv virus causes aids
I thought Bill Gates will never say Sony and Nintendo
SAVE THE WORLD EVERYONE!!!!
Kurzgesagt did egotistic alturism first
"But does this stuff actually purify the water or does it just take the dirt out?
Edit: ok nvm it was answered. This sounds like a really cool thing."
The richest man on Earth meets a guy helping the earth. They can change it.
Bill Gates is no longer the richest man on earth
"How I clean water because I'm currently broke:Soap,water,bleach.

XD"
notice bill drink the water
Bill Gates explaining about the real capitalism
"Imagine if he made 24 videos a year.





I guess what we have here is a clean case of quality over quantity."
"Bill vs jeff
Its more intense that pews vs t series"
Bill gates back on trending!
Never give money again to Philippines. The corrupt fuckers stole the money they gave us for Yolanda. It was already more than enough to turn the economy high in the clouds.
yeah aight
Helping out poor countries such as Vietnam is a Nguyen-Nguyen situation
Great, where does all the packaging go after usage?
Why is the mud negatively charged?
Please try to do more than 12 videos a year
Humans can actually survive for two weeks without water if no water is lost through perspiration.
I vote this video as THE VIDEO OF THE CENTURY. We need more of this.
I was hoping that we would see Bill drink the water
What if we mix this with juice?? Or blood??
Yhis man got Bill Gates in his video in 1 week while pewds can't even get Elon Musk in 3 months
Is that Mexican river water?
Very happy to see this on trending
What a legend
Mark casually makes and gives pizza roles to one of the richiest guy in the world
"Wow, only watching your vids can you not expect literally anything


I don't thing anyone expected Bill Gates to just show up out of nowhere"
Lol issac newton is way smarter than albert Einstein
This man really got bill gates on here... I'm shook.
Sooo longgg
Man what a burn. Japan is infamous for not even knowing Xbox exist
Cures to diseases is stuck in the brain of someone who can't afford an education.
12 videos a year sounds a lot less than one a month
Wasn't expecting Bill Gates to show up lmao.
But it doesn't come out pure and clean tho
I love this video and all similar ones by you and others (like SmarterEveryDay).
"While Bill has a great idea that helping 3rd world countries by shoveling them money and supplies, in theory it sounds great. In practice all they do is become healthier, start breeding like rabbits and then cause even more economic issues because most are 3rd world countries because they are stuck in their old ways which just require MORE money and supplies to be shoveled to them.
And some will say ""But the will come here and get a better education and bring their knowledge back with them!"" ... Yeah that sounds cool doesn't it? Too bad most end up STAYING here after they get their nearly free education on our dollar and the countries never develop."
Plague Inc.
Yeah science!!!
Puts drugs in the bottle
"I'd probably do that to battle royale






I hope you get it"
I am never ever disappointed with your videos. Thank you for this slice of humanitarianism.
you know --- youtube is not so bad after all!!!
Please link product
Wow. Tell Bill I said hi!
"The Company that made the packets should make a website where you can buy mass quantitys of them and then send them to the 3rd/poor countrys that need them.

 And sell so they make just a little profit so that can get better bigger eqipment or just so they can make more of them and dont have to stop it the future."
awesome!
Bill Gate in the video with no tilte and no clickbate Thumbnail....wow
Yu only make 12 videos a year ??!?!
when mark posts, its illegal to not be on trending
casually makes Bill Gates pizza rolls
I didn't expect you to use this game :O 8:24
Mark how do you feel about the rover opportunity
Imagine Melinda like "Hey honey, What do you want for dinner? Pasta? Steak? What?" and Bill be like "Pizza rolls."
Thanks alot for the video this was very awesome to watch.
you should put that in soda
Thanks, Mark! This is exactly how the vast majority of drinking water treatment plants treat surface waters, and it's incredible to see that process scaled down.
"""Mawwk wobbuur""

""Did I tell you to say that?""

nods

YES. WIN WINS ARE WHAT EVERYONE SHOULD STRIVE TOWARDS!
06:20
Can you please make videos at least once a week?! Cause what's the point of making a 10 minute video once a month? Maybe then you'll have more subscribers!!!
Quality h20? Lmao go to India and try that! Hahaha
Cost pennies to make but according to Amazon it's around $2.00 per packet. And can only buy 240 count box for 115 after taxes. I love the idea. I want to show my kids so they learn from this but wish they sold in smaller amounts. If someone knows where else to buy this please let me know.
Life straw has left the chat
"Him: What would you give me if i drank this water? 
Kid: $20
He drinks water: wheres my $20?
Kid: Mommy? (Holds out hand.) 
isnt that how they clean water normally
Algorithm Comment
Out of context, The part where Bill says he "loves di**s".
I love how this turned into a 'why the heck should I help people in far away countries' video. I've never seen someone put it that bluntly :P
MOMMY*
Sub to pewdiepie
<paleo games
Drink it to save pewdiepie
5 Minute Crafts
That moment when the first thing you do when you meet Bill Gates is give him pizza rolls
This is so well explained.
12 vidios a year??? Its supposed to be 1000vidios a year or more who agrees??
...but did Bill drink the water?
Go p and g
"Regarding the ""teach them how to fish"" topic, I think self sustaining water treatment techniques such as sand bed filtering would be the real deal. Aid in form of consumables surely alleviate the symptoms but don't qualify for long-term solution or self-empowerment...

Also AIDS and HIV are basically the same disease ;) smartassout"
Bill Gates eater of pizza rolls LOL I hope you got paid good to say that

-this comment was made by the chlamydia gang."
So sad
Wow. Thanks for the video and the great work you do.
He ain't the richest man anymore....
Bill Gates is the man!
2:36 uffffffffff Mami
We are meddling with nature and creating worse conditions for 3rd world people. by giving them medicine and clean water, we are blowing up their populations
6:20 bill gates loves what
Bill loves dics
Shrek must be so angry at mark
Bill Gates Is the 2nd richest man on Planet Earth
uhhhh why is bill gates here wtf
This should be on trending! Everyone should see this!!!
The real question how to age as well as Mark Rober? Ahh yes, never grow up.
Great job buddy
just talks to Bill Gates like to a friend
SaVe Da WoRlD jUsT dRaIn Da SwAmP
to bad P&G are such scumbags.
It's awesome
Bill gates sqving lives? Give me a break
we need these packets in Pakistan can you help?
Finaly
Bill gates!!!
There was a guy in china or hong kong that cleaned his own childhood pond and he made something similar to this
You should've put "directed by robert b weide" after 11:20
Donkey why are you drinking my swamp?
True science
Did I hear Flint, Michigan? Does it work for lead in water?
Hero in real-life
the Josh Peck-ish thumbnail got me
Yeah but I bet it doesn't kill viruses in the water, so still not safe to drink.
That soo cool
even with it separated. doesnt mean its pure and safe to drink. scary how he drank that. could of had diseases and who knows what type of hidden bacteria or anything... yikes
UK y I like it channel other than it is awesome u literally at d end of ur video said please consider subcribing
Is it weird that I haven't heard Bill Gates talked before? Or is it just me.
Guys you talk about my dad he will ban your Xbox account
You won't save the world by enforcing chronic human overpopulation in the 3rd world.
$20? Girls got money
What is the name of the powder?
Why dose he only post once a month?
Why tf do people dislike vids like this
"If everything needs water to survive...
Water needs water"
Absolutely epic video,
Brother, have you ever stopped to ask yourself how the US got to be the richest country or maybe why those poor countries you talk about are still poor?
That's simply fantastic.
love u r vids
scooby got waves
Yay my hypothesis on how it worked was correct!
Please send this complete method & technology to India's prime minister; Those guys REALLY need it more than anybody else
Great video, dude! I especially liked the part in which you laid out the egoistic reasons for foreign aid.

2:30 did no one catch the waterboy reference??
dont use this dont drink it. if bill gates promotes it, its depopulation agenda
at 6:20 he's so honest
I love Mark Rober keeps bringing amazing informational videos. If only he uploaded a lot more but still Quality > Quantity
Bill Gates isn't richest anymore. Jeff Bezos has about 40 billion more.
You can live way more than 3 weeks without food lul
Where I can buy those?
I wasn't believing that he's gonna call Bill and talk soo casually, Bill Gates is really a simple, down to earth person. His aim is to be rich not look rich....mark was having better clothing there.....
How in the world did you get Bill to show up lmao
Thanks Stephen. Thank you for being so real about this sharing about your impending loss and the celebration of who/what Hopper is to you and your family. 52 years old and I still want a dog of my own in my home, wife, not so much. My prayers are with you.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAAAMP??
8:30 plague inc. hah
You only make 12 videos a year?
And sorry but the smartest man was Tesla.. Almost everything we use today can be linked to a invention or concept of his
This is very cool Mark
Sponsored by fortnite save the world
They r drinking that water, to save the world. If you drink that water, you are puting ur soul in DANGER!!!! They are saving the world killing them self!!! DON'T U THINK THAT IT A LITTLE BIT FOOLISH????
World needs more people like you.
"5:50 
Bill gates is not the richest man on earth.
Its Jeff bezos"
nice video man
Respect for including Bill Gates in a video without using his name in the thumbnail
You are an amazing guy and a help to mankind
You can donate but you can not purchase? I would love to have a few for my emergency bug out bag
This gonna save the world... Thank you so much for your video... Make more videos like this... Best wishes for you brother...
06:33
"Infrestructure, infrastructure, infrastructure. Easy access to resources, be it food, trade, schools, people or water is the cornerstone of high functioning civilization. Like you said, less time spent on getting water and travelling, is more time spent on other productive stuff.
Easy access to trade routes like sea is why biggest and most succesful cities are by the coast.

In my opinion smartly designed infrastructure is the key element for succesful city/country. Dende is actually better as far as cities go, large urban sprawl is major logistics issue and really expensive. City made of just skyscrapers would most likely be a lot cheaper city to mange than traditional cities now. Ofc, up front cost for one is a lot more though."
Holy crap, I heard that background music from the first montage thing which apparently is faidherbe square, and I thought to myself "Brain, this sounds really familiar, don't you agree?" and my brain thought back "Yes, but I can't quite put my dendritic branch on it, pause it for a minute and let me think about it." So I pause the video, and a few seconds of hard concentration later my brain goes "it's a song by that guy who made that other song!" and I thought to back to my brain "I know that guy brain! I also know that song brain! The name is on the tip of my tongue, damn it!" After a few more seconds of concentration and mouth movements, a couple lyrics got mumbled out, and I thought to my brain "Brain I think we have enough to look it up now." and my brain told me "What are you waiting for? Google it!" So I did, and the song is Colt 45 by AfroMan, it also sampled from "Tumble Weed." I'll further state that a song called "faidherbe" being influenced by iconic songs about weed isn't a stretch. So to anyone who wondered about why it sounded familiar or what inspired it, now you know!
"Kurkgesat (thats probably wrong, but you all know the guys im talking about lol) made a vudeo called egotistic altruism, or skmething like that, talking about how there is a selfish benefit to helping developing nations.

Thought that may be relevant to discussions"
Wow i love seeing stuff like this so inspiring
"I feel rich 
Is it possible to pour that powder into a pee and drink it? Does it clear that as well?
wheres my 20 ? Mommy...
"-Now where's my 20 bucks?
-Mommy?"
You should post more than 12 videos a year
10 years fast forward... Rob going to doctor to remove tape worm
I wonder how much those packets can be sold for, to be profitable?
Then you made China want to rule the world.
FYI, The smartest person ever was William James Sidis. With an IQ of ~300.
Flex Seal Viewers watched this
Camera man just had to chill there 5 feet from Bill Gates
It might start world peace now?
So you basically broke into bills gates house and made him pizza rolls
Thanks to Manu Prakash he made the cheapest thing that was reliable and easy to use
fortnight, real life save the world
Bill Gates in the vid how crazy
"This is good.
Extremely good.
Incredibly \^/"
hello. i love your videos.
Does is disinfect salt water....
Why would you spend all the time making this video about how someone should help developing countries with their water problems rather than making a video about how you teamed up with bill gates to send millions of those packets all over or something like that
is this a reupload
not the youtuber we deserved but the youtuber we needed
visits one of the richest people in the world and doesn't even mention it in the title or the thumbnail, madness
Can I have the "N" word pass?
Just not using a straw you can help save the world
Mark Rober? So Mark Is A RODER!?
"Amazing video mark!
I wish you would make more videos!!!"
When your bro is Bill Gates !
Mark I really appreciate how you involve the kids. Taking them along, having them do things hands on, explaining the process, letting them be a part of it instead of just doing it yourself and having them watch - it's really cool. And it looks like they have fun :)
So whats the catch? if these packets really do what you showed in the video, why is clean water even an issue anymore? We all know that the problem will never 100% be fixed, but whats keeping us from mass producing these and supplying them to the world? They are NOT expensive! Any number of companies can fund mass production of these packets in the same way they fund charity, and would gladly do so.
Great quality content!
MARK AND BILL: "ALSO SOAK UP THIS NWO PROPAGANDA WHILE YOU HERE KIDS"
"Its sad Bill Gates died from ligma

Who's Bill Gates?

LIGMA B... Wait what??"
your link doesn't work
bil gate i dont no
Another high quality video from a high quality creator. Well done!
An awesome video on so many levels
Now drink piss
ALSO EATING BUGS IS SAVING THE WORLD. BE A SUPERMAN TODAY EAT 100 BUGS
Did Bill Gates give you a billion dollars?
how can anybody dislike this video..
I thought this was something like killing bacteria not this heartwarming thing.
Amazing video mark, keep up the great work
Swamp water is clearest water compared to lakes or rivers
0:51 this is how thing should be !
"Step 1: work on a video for a whole month
Step 2: gamble with a minor
Step 3: ?????
Step 4: profit"
I'm that 0.01 bacteria
xbox's father.still so humble
This video took a turn I didn't expect and I loved it
Just come to Finland. :)
Er....are you sure that gets rid of pathogens and bacteria?
Didn't expect Bill Gates lol
That opossum is playing dead for a long time and fell asleep to death on the pond
holy shet its bill gates!!!!!!
8:29 lol plague inc plug
holy shet its bill gates!!!!!!
Put "ft. Bill gates" in the title
Bill probably poops out gold
does it work with plasic in the water
Really gives hope to the future of our humanity
Don't you mean "You are left with clorine poisoned water"?
Is this really consumables? I'm little bit skeptical person, so I'm still not sure the clean water completely safe from poison.
I love this!
1:11 when you fool others to make them do your dirty work
The time bill talked to you he probably made millions
"Wow you get Bill Gates on your video
Now we can make Elon Musk host meme review!"
What if you use to much of that purified powder?
Was not expecting them to sell it as a loss. That's amazing. Love it
Why are there dislikes on this amazing video??
I didnt expect to see bill clinton
Did Bill drink? Lol
"I like how you put Bill Gates on your video without mainstream like audio (drumrolls, etc).
He just appear out of nowhere."
WAKANDA FOREVER.
"Wtf 

How did you get Bill gates to be in a video?!"
And yet you use a straw
Bill Gates says sony makes good produkts!
Get out of the swamp.
Does it work on salt water
Shout this from the rooftops!
Can't believe he didn't get Bill to jump over a chair
why the hell syria is in one of those 90 countries lol we have the cleanest water on the planet
bro, your robot just died on mars
Love this. Loved the centrifuge one too. You're amazing. Inthink this would be too costly for many since it's not reusable like those fancy straws. But it's still awesome.
Can u do the same thing to salt water from the ocean to make it drinkable when u can separate the salt from the water ??
Will it work with sea water
using infection inc for the pandemic wheeze
Why did he not publish this video when I was doing my report on water scarcity XD
"It hurts to me, when you said India is a poor country then yours
Not because of money ...
We are from the oldest civilization

I going to do hard work for my country and will help yours too"
Just telling you guys that bill gates is in this video.....
Interesting - but the third world social policy/foreign aid discussion is rather simplistic, idealistic and askew.  It presumes a level of intelligence, shared perspective, and common goals, none of which is true or even remotely reconcilable.
Proctor and Gamble .... Gillette
Thank you for getting this type of info out there. Seriously life saving.
How many preppers would buy this and you could raise the price to donate one for everyone sold .
P&G - seriously disappointed in them for the Gillette ad, but love them for this powder. What a dilemma.
Great video dude, keep making more like these
See you on Outrageous Acts of Science.
This would help Flint MI or Dayton OH
"Him: Where is my 20 bucks?

Her: Mommy!"
I have one of those foldscope
Egoistic Altruism, it's narcissistic as hell  but benefits everyone
How can someone get those packets i help the homeless in my city and sometimes there isn't clean water for them to drink.
is this going to get me unsick without a fever or my my throat?
"Heal the world, make it a better place. For you and for me and the entire human race. There are people dying, if you care enough for the living. Make a better place for you and for me" -Michael Jackson
8:25 Plague inc
Moral of the story, we dont need government legislation to do the right thing.
Do ur part and help PEWDIEPIE
Hey buddy. India has poverty but it is also one of the top 10 biggest economy and 4th biggest GDP in the world.
me : Looks at muddy boots 
me : how did the kids know to bring muddy boots den 
???????"
Hmm i dont think Bill cares about poor countries...this packet probaly kill people more than help
This was a great video
I had no idea that bill is such a great guy
when he showed the clip of plage my friend was playing it
"U R SPREADING LIES, BILL IS THE 2ND RICHEST



Bald Amazon dood is richest now."
Isn't HIV and AIDS the same thing?
Aid gets robbed and some wars are even started over the aid sent. Economically, it would be better to let these countries grow themselves. If we don't interfere they won't have resources to fight over. Knowledge is the best aid you can give developing nations. Giving them aid is a futile system that hurts their progress more than helping them. This is just the rich trying to make a faster path to get richer.
And Millenials think big business is bad.
The purple guy looks like Billy Gates
"The real question is...

Did he get that 20$"
How could someone dislike this video? This is quality content
4:51 I'm from Romania(that one single country from Europe that looks like a fish) and I never saw a pack like that, but I would love to use one, becuase we have water ,,at the use of a lever" but is not for drinking, only to wash dishes and our hands
Nice congrajs on 6 mill
id subscribe to you many times over if i could man :D sadly it goes only once... Love ya Mark, youre a real inspiration
Love from Pakistan to Bill Gates.
Shout out to the Plague Inc. game being used for spreading Ebola example haha
Drink chlorine??
8:25 That was Plague Inc.
And those heavy metals ions? Are they gone too?
This was a great video! I love the arguments for bettering developing nations.
Some people man"
Rip rotifer :(
Hi Im from Turkey (4:52) and I have never ever seen that thing used in my country
a 6 year old betting $20 hey i wish that was my childhood.
Goes to nastiest water area, doesn't hesitate to drink the part of the water that's not brown. dies of dysentery
We need more humanitarians in our world.  Thank you for the great video and doing what's right.
Im not supporting P&G
What's that song 5:40 ?
Bill is no longer the richest man
10:20 Metric fanboys gasp
I also loved the part were you went to Seattle because that is where I am from. It is also crazy that you got to meet bill gates.
child labour
Love the vids you are such an inspiration to me and my brother
"My Dad put a train horn on hi 1965 Buick Wildcat in 1966. He was a Mechanical Engineer genius. 

He also put Mobil 1 in that car when he bought it and never changed the oil.  He just changed the filter.  The engine ran great and never had any problems.  I totalled it in 1980 when I was a teenager. Sorry Dad.

He designed space deployable structures. One of which was put in the space station.  He also worked on the design of the Airtrans people moving system that was installed at DFW Airport in the 70s.  https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vought_Airtrans&ved=2ahUKEwjLke3Iz8DgAhWEj4MKHcT9COAQFjAYegQIBBAB&usg=AOvVaw2F9nnAry6iW6seDmwM5MNw"
Waterboy!
La river water
Boycott p&g
"Why noone ever told me this? I live in Indonesia and the tap water is unsafe to drink so we always buy gallons of drinkable water.

This thing could save me alot of money, hence I wouldn't go broke near the end of the month lmao"
PLEASE NO "DRINK DIRTY WATER" CHALLENGE..PRETTY PLEASE????
Bill seems like a good guy
he. met. bill. gates!!!!!!!
I loved the video so much. That packet can save so many lives, it is amazing.
"Just put it on the Ocean  



JK
BUT IF YOU CAN PLZZ"
I would only buy a Xbox for bill
Greedy corporate bastards are the only explanation for there being any downvotes for this video.
Does it work on ocean waters?
Thanks for the shout out to chemists - Chemists have all the solutions!  ;)
.1 percent of germs intensifies
They just need to make something like this with saltwater
"""where's my 20 bucks Emily?"" 
*Points to her mom*
""Mommy"""
Could u make a vid once a week in December to end the year off right PLZZ.i really hate waiting a whole month
Is Jake from vsuace 3 ur brother mark?
What's up with the collaboration bill?
Omg try to get a bunch of this powder and clean out a nasty pool with  it that would be so cool like so he can see even tho I am late
Am sorry but our tap water all contain led in it soo I drink bottled water only
And tardigrade? They can live without water.
Was that a water boy reference?
2:33 "It's clean, it's cold, and that's what I call high quality h20" I saw that reference!
"Sure its great to save lives
But now africas population is booming exponentially. Tell them to stuff having 10 kids per family"
Thanks for being awesome, Mark!
I haven't drank water in like a week
Rip Opportunity
Very nice and edicating video
Im scared to say "Bill Gates" because i might get copyright striked for no reason again, so i'll just say Gill Bates
Super dead opossum... as opposed to those regular dead ones. :-)
Where do the ideas for your videos come from?
Bill gates (alone) can change a Country. But he wont. :)
"chapeau ^_^
your fan from EGYPT"
Monthly uploads ;-;
madlad met bill gates
Link to the letter is broken?
8:28 Didn't expect Plauge Inc to show up
Love the Andrew Applepie music
My friends dad made this
yYEEAAAAAAAHHHHHSSs!!!!!!!! Yes-yes! There's still hope for the world.
Dump a bunch of this into those dirty rivers in India
7:50 "now in english pls"
Love how you and Bill Gates ate pizza rolls together!!
These videos are just great. So informative, but fun!
youve met bill gates :(
Sooo, where can I donate?
1:50 it looks like chocolate milk
Yes Mark, ridiculous things.
I still wouldnt drink it
Behold the Coagula
RIP Mars Rover
Bill Gates? Seriously? OMG
need to remove the plastic package to save the earth tho
Can it filter salt water?
ya? change the world? remember that glitter bomb video?
Sherk: STOP CLEANING MY SWAMP
12 videos a year???!!!
Man, I only wish it was this simple. The problem with helping poor countries is that there is always a big reason WHY they are poor. It isn't that they just don't have resources. It is the government, societal and religious structures that destroy their economies. Which is why it is so difficult to make any sort of lasting change.
Correction Jeff bezos
Bill drank that poop water in a vid a while ago this is weak stuff for him
Such a great video! Thank you
Love your vids, you don't care about views or popularity bur about knowledge. You didn't even include Bill Gates in the fricking thumbnail! You're not even a chemist, you only do this to spread knowledge. I don't care about having one vid a month, cus I know it'll be amazing. Plz continue w/ your amazing vids
Is there a possibility to buy these packets?
But did Bill drink the water at the end? Don't leave us hanging!
Just imagine that mark upload videos daily
what an absolute madman
i love what you do!!! Keep it up
If you have to list selfish reasons so that people don't let each other starve to death, we are already doomed. You don't have to profit from saving someone else's life, it should be basic humanity.
This is waaaay bigger than building walls #MAGA
"so this works with only mud water ? or any type of water that is non drinkable ?
because there are countries suffering from clean water."
Please next time use gloves
You meet BILL GATES!
Yesssss!!!!! Can we just freely distribute this stuff to every vulnerable person on earth real quick?
Always a pleasure to see a new Mark Rober video. Thank you for keeping YouTube from becoming a wasteland of pop music, pranks and fail videos.
Okey
I'm already waiting for your March video
anyone else laugh when they saw him play plague inc evolved at 8:24
Awesome man!
Can you please go on the impaulsive podcast
"Can you make a plane that you pedal? So when you pedal it spins the propeller

Edit: make it light and make a video showing you and friends at a Air field or on a mountain flying off
Love your videos and I would love it if you could"
8:30 plague.inc
Where does bill Gates live?? India is the 5th largest economy in the world
Bill Gates? That, was epic.
Bro you will get so sick from that water.
Congrats on hitting the 6 million subscribers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow bill gates has so many drink choices u know what my drink choice is WATER
I wish I could do more than just subscribe
Excellent video.
8:29 Plague Inc!
What happens to the chlorine in the water? Do you just drink the water with chlorine in it?
I JUST found out that he makes a vid a month
RIP the Opportunity Rover on Mars
The answer is a Resource-Based Economy like the one described in the Venus Project. I don't want to post a link, but search for "the Choice Is Ours" on the YouTubes if you are even a little bit interested in a better future for everyone. Not convinced? Search for "Zeitgeist 2: Addendum." The time to end money has come.
Such an inspiring video! Love you Mark!
This is like when JonTron met Phil swift. Mark Your'e a legend.
Billionaires are a huge part of the program. Eat the rich!
i think u mixed up millimeter --> micron and cm -->mm but nice video .
You were teaching Bill Gates.... Amazing!
There has been an emergence of Blue Green Algae and Chlorine resistant bacteria. Adding a packet of that stuff wont remove the toxic chemicals that the algae make that causes Kidney and organ failure and wont kill or remove Cryptosporidium parvum. or even others like Giardia intestinalis , Entamoeba histolytica, its because like the spore that botulism or anthrax makes that  survive extreme conditions of even being boiled while canning foods. The pathogens in water make a Cyst that is sporelike.
P&G changing the world. Amazing. Clean Water is a human right.
get out of my swamp
Congrats on 6 million!
What a great initiative!!! Suggestions to improve the cleaning of the water: you should always filter surface water. If possible filter it after floculation and before disinfection. Chlorine works well with viruses but not really with some parasites like Cryptosporidium, which are bad for people with immune deficiencies. Sand and gravel are good for filtration if you have nothing else on hand. Finally, instructions could suggest to let the chlorine react entirely with the settled water (20 min should be correct) maybe under direct sunlight to get extra disinfection from UV rays, especially for cryptosporidium. I'm impressed by those kind of initiatives and I really enjoy your explanations! Subscribed :)
I was just looking at Bills beverage fridge the whole interview
Excellent video. Thank you, Mark.
"But u still have to heat the water to drink it so their will be 99.9% removed germs or something like that
Edit:NVM he said it can kill 99.99% germs with the powder thingy"
Probably the smartest person to ever lived was "William James Sidis" just look it up for yourselves and be amazed at what he knew and did.
8:08 I wasn't expecting that :-)
ads
6:52 there's a video by kurzgesagt talking about that.
Please note that even though this removes dirt, bacteria and germs you're not supposed to go to a swamp with a dead animal in it and drink that water using the packets. These packets cannot remove elemental impurities like metal salts arsenic and other harmful chemicals
The Plague Inc footage at 8:27 actually killed me
I've become slightly a nicer person after watching this video than before it.
Is it not glaringly obvious that Bill Gates did not drink that water?
This is cool but he used a plastic straw
so mark actually had more time with Bill than Marques Brownlee? okay... Is he wealthier than Brownlee?
Did u seriously play a clip of plague INC.
I literally can not believe that you met with bill gates!!! But how?
1:25 colt 45 background music.. you know, for the kids
Feel good liberal propaganda my favorite. I could eat this stuff up all day.
You're a really good person.
You should make more than 12 videos... Your content is amazing..
Yummy chlorine!
drinking chlorine-water... - uhm. - but the kids would be more amazed if you used a lifestraw to directly drink the mudwater.
Would it also work with water contaminated with heavy metals? What about other industrial pollutants that are electrically neutral? What about organic materials (like piece of leaves) that are "too chunky"? Wouldn't this be best supplemented with an actual filtration system as well?
Well said and great product.
DRINKING NASTY SWAMP WATER (to get views).
This channel is like Vsauce but more frequently upload
The worlds second richest person is just wearing sweater with polo shirt
8:50 did he really just shout out a rival game company in bill gates' home?
how do you save the world by drinking swamp water? i think you should save yourself ^^"
Is that plague inc???
Your channel is phenomenal.
I guess drinking swamp water would save the world by having one less human in it
we dont need water when we have coca-cola
Can you make more videos a year
Hey Mark quick question for you. Would these packets clean salt water?
One thing that  amaze me is the fact youre with bill gates.  Hes so down to earth
I hope they recycle the plastic packet that come in.
Has bilgates commented?
Awesome Invention but i still dont like P&G"
I'M NOT CRYING? YOU ARE
What about Chemical impurities, they cannot be treated with basic chlorination..
hero
Mad lad didn't even put Bill Gates in the thumbnail.....
Mad lad didn't even put Bill Gates in the thumbnail.....
8:25 I love how you used plague inc. for pandemic
Plage inc
An irrelevant youtuber like Logan Paul can get millions of likes but Mark Rober who's tryna save lives can't, what has this world come down to smh
R.I.P opportunity
"Drinking nasty swamp water

(to stop t-series)"
Why doesn't P& G make the formulation open source.  It doesn't sound like a super complicated system, and i bet they could make bulk powder all over the world.
He should have put it in clean water to see what happens
what if we dump a whole lot of these to the swamp?
"Will you post a video every month. Will you post a video if you hit 10 million
Keep up the good work.
That's what I'm saying man, what if the goat in basketball is just in another poor country or the next Einstein
I appreciate this a lot, I love your view about poor countries growing and what people who lives there could possibly offer the world. A very good video!
"Whst if tons of powder kept in seas ??
Someone reply"
you are saying we can drink our pee cool
Foreign aid grows the human population.
Actually diseases are manufactured in rich countries. And then dump them to the poor countries and then sell medicine to them again.
Bill Gates is the COOLEST totally uncool guy on the planet!
It is mentioned in the Koran"
8:25 was that a clip of someone playing plague inc? Or was it an actual spread of an actual disease?
Fantastic video with well thought out content as usual. Very impactful stuff here Mark. Keep up the great work!
Holy ! Bill Gates! This guy is very lucky to meet him! Niceee
Is the game at 8:30 called pleague?
How the heck did you invited Bill Gates and Not even mention it at your titel/thumbnail. Was Not prepared for that one.
how well would this stuff work for Flint?
Amazing!
Anyone see that chick with the basket on her head at 8:07 or is the acid just kicking in
Seriously, how much of a dickhead do you have to be to dislike this video.
Can I have 1283 Likes? I'll be back here in a week and check. Ty
he just casually has bill gates in his video? who is this man
Yikes
I would like to tell to the 803 thumbs down. Go live in a poor country get out of your own asshole and do something good! Or get out of this world!
I love your videos Mark! Thanks for promoting the fun of science through some videos and going deeper into how it can contribute to humanitariasm in others like this video!
Child labor go go child labor
Where are the ads bud?
I Loved the Szene where you used the Game Plague Inc. to explain how a disease can spread around the world.
Amazing lesson from you again, hopefuly those countries develope well. Teach a mam to fish instead of to give a fish.
interesting and inspirational like no other, thank you for being you i guess lol
10 out of 10 video Mark!!!
"Sub
Write done
I'm fast"
That paper microscope and centrifuge sound awesome.
"When did Gates get that socially comfortable? Around the Windows 95 he was that awkward guy who seemed misplaced on stage who was certainly competent but not inspiring, in a way a living power point presentation. 
Today in every interview he is radiating motivation and it is fun to hear him talk. It is like aliens abducted him and updated some drivers and beamed him back on earth."
8:22 its clearly plague inc xD
"Has bill gates in vid
Doesn't put him the title 
Humbleness level : mark rober"
The only thing I ever want to hear from bill gates is about Assembly Programming and that time he wrote the FAT filesystem on a plane
Why's Bill Gates sponsoring these YouTube videos
Congratulations on 6 mil Mark!
Tesla
2:30 BUT MOMMA SAID MOMMA SAID I love Waterboy
I knew a little of this but...is still really awful to drink that water even after cleaning....ew
but his straw was in the brown stuff at the bottom when he drank :S
"Mark Rober
Meets Bill Gates
Mark: ok I should probably make him something good to eat, or find his favorite restuarant, alright I'll get right on that
MAKES PIZZA ROLLS FOR THE RICHEST MAN ON EARTH 
Mark: ok I hope you like it"
You're incredible!!!!
Make more videos please like 2 a month
Didn't expect water could be this clean
What is it? Did you give us a link?
i love that game: Plague
How did you leave out Tesla?
Was the pandemic footage from Plague Inc. ? Lol
"OH MY GOD! YOU DIDN'T PUT BILL GATES IN TITLE,
SO THAT YOU CAN GET MORE VIEWS...SALUTE!!"
"I like your Video and the fact that you met Bill Gates.
They should used that to clean the dead River
They should used that to clean the dead River
The better solution would be top simply eradicate them. When Indonesia reaches a population tipping point, which is getting very close to, it will invade Australia. Using the very resource and technology that Australia has given it in aid. And it such overwhelming numbers that Australia will not be able to stop it. It's not altruism. It's not even security. It's suicide. All you have to contend with is Mexico. And you can build a wall to stop them. The rest of us are absolutely fucked.
9:44 <3
Drew binsky made a video on that microscope.
So is it possible to clean all our contaminated ponds, lakes, seas, and oceans in only 2-12 months or earlier?
Mark you put your fingers in your mouth after touching that water....
You are a true youtuber. You didn't put Mr. Gates in the thumbnail.
how do we verify that there isn't some additive that renders people sterile. we know Gates is Malthusian and a big fan of population control.
nice
Could bill teach me c , c++ , java and python if I ask him ? (So that I could start amazesoft , to rival Microsoft and Amazon )
8:30 that game was a classic
What happens to the chlorine
Now Elon Musk
cool
Not the richest anymore
He should do a video with Elon Musk!
You should also help because, like... we should care about other people. WIthout waiting for anything in return.
1:18 I believe the pond is already filled with nasty water, lol
8:24 Plague Inc.
8:25 lol you just used plague inc
Imagine doing content so great that you like, edit out half a Bill Gates tirade :D
7:37 reminds me of opportunity rip oppy </3
At school I get stolen from so I want you to make a video on a thing that shocks you when you touch it so I can put it on my desk
At least Bill Gates donates a lot to charity. Unlike literally any other billionaire on this planet.
Who's watching this while drinking bottled spring water
lol 2:36 Mammy!!
This video should have more views.
Best video love you brother.
Great video Mark!
Hay mark how do you feel about the mars rover/oppy R.I.P OPPY
Will that work with come ?
My dad used to work at proctor and gamble
Imagine making a video with bill gates, and not throwing it in the title for views
It is a nice product but I just checked and tried to purchase the product but... Personally I think that the actual product itself is quite cheap but the shipping fee is extremely high and makes it harder for financially disabled people (like me) to acquire the product.
Bill gates wants 95% of humanity dead
I still wouldn't drink it without boiling it first.
Is that packet biodegradable???
Also it's well and good to try and help poorer countries, but with the poverty rate here... dang. Gotta fix home
Can I get a source on 3:15, 4:48, 4:56 ?
10:40 Mark Rober shouting out Bill Gates.... Hmmmm
"Mark best man 
Keep it up"
"WATER ....
SAVE  THE  WORLD...

THE AMAZON  CONTAINS   20  %  OF  THE WORLDS FRESH  WATER......

And   209.000  Cubic  Meters  Flow through the
AMAZON per  Second....
That is  just  One  Of  Many  Rivers on the planet..... 

So  what   not   Enough Water...

THE HIN INTERNATIONAL Group.."
When nature provides a solution for overpopulation, some dude comes along and invents something like this ^_^
Great video and much respect.  But let's be honest, we all know those packets are pure witchcraft!
"Wow he looks like bill gates
And that guy looks like mark rober"
Why are people disliking this? what is there to not like in this vid?
"Nintendo boooo 
It is nine-ten- bo
It should be 
Ten-ten-good"
how it taste doe?
Yay! New video
I love Bill Gates
You rock
Okay i now 100% know mark doesn't give a crap about views or money. HE DIDN'T EVEN PUT BILL GATES IN THE THUMBNAIL OR TITLE... amazing!
Goofy question 4 u, are these sold here in the U.S.?  If yes, how or where can I buy them?
9:44 who?
I am the smartest humanoid on the planet spearth
Bill is a living legend ! He started it al,l we wouldn't be here without him !
8:27 Plague Inc lol
ok youtube. i watched it. are you happy now?
Thank you! This has to be one of the best and valuable videos I have ever seen in YouTube.
Did this guy just cook in bill gate's kitchen
You met and talk to Bill f***ing  Gates, damn...
"That's some high quality H2O" yes we need more water boy quotes
... SPEECH LESS ...
Put buckets of it in a pond
thanks for sharing this amazing video!
Damn give the kids gloves
the healthier we can make the world the more diseases we permanently eradicate
"Faith in Umanity is full 
if you keep collecting, the excess will be lost"
link to the annual letter you've provided in description doesn't work for me
This theory puts a lot of naieve faith in humanity...people are evil... Foriegn aid is stolen and misspent... We have been sending TRILLIONS of dollars to these countries for decades and they are no better off. They have no clean water, good schools etc. The money is mostly missppropriated thats the hard truth..
He looks so awkward when he is talking to bill
Bill gates is actually not the richest man In the world. The owner of amazon, Jeff bezos is actually the richest man In the world.
"Genious. 
He could have put up Bill Gates in the thumbnail yet he didn't. That shows your respect to your work. 
My favorite channel on YouTube. 
Great Respect Mark."
Im from Indonesia
I appreciate what you did but appreciation is not what you looking for but  if we start doing actions towards these kind of issues will make difference ... So thank you so much.
Amazing! Keep up the positive message.
Justin y. is not here.
Bill loves ... Well then... that's becoming a meme.
Albert Einstein didn't even have the highest IQ, so I wonder why people think he's so intelligent?
Bill is a billionaire and yet he looks so normal. True gem.
"where is my 20 bucks 

her: MOMMY"
Did you bring up Nintendo to the man who started the company who started XBox?
Can't open the open letter, anyone has the same issue?
Ya!
"Plot twist





How to assassinate bill gates"
This was a very true video, it's based on facts, based on humanity, based on economics, based on perception and based on reality. Kudos to the work done....you sir are a legend!!!
You saved 0.000000000000000000000000000000001 of the world
Great vid love what you're doing
"8:12 ahh the good old AK. Never grows old.
EDIT: Also Mark Rober, you are a beast."
Plague Inc must have a pretty realistic model for disease spread if a retired NASA employee uses it.
The Gatesletter.com link in the description is broken fyi
Wonder if hobo pee was in there
So.... if u can separate water from dirt.... How do you get the dirt out?
Fine YouTube, I'll watch this
"I have heard that Bill Gates is a member of agenda 21 which has a goal to decrease human population and they are targeting Muslims as you know that Islam is the best Religion and true the believers of satah e.g. Free mahsons,Illuminati and agenda 21 under illuminati. So i guess Bill Gates is just rich and legend in Illuminati not in the world. And as said he will not save people in a hard situation especially Muslims.
And i will like to cooperate Muslims and Non-Muslims."
Shut up u met Bill gates
8:24 yo that's pleague incubator.
8:26 plague inc.
TO SAVE THE WORLD!
Aristotle had the highest iq in history
I agree, Einstein was not the smartest person. It is Steve Hawking
My condolences for oppurtunity the rover. She served us well.
but still not a good thing if long term usage... due to chlorine presence.
This has to be the most wholesome channel on youtube
The cool thing about this is that if the video's name was "I MET BILL GATES *EMOTIONAL*" it would have got 3x the views it got in a day.
Its also worth considering the fact that our efforts to aid developing nations will produce technologies we can benefit from ourselves.
8:24 plague inc??
Wow... Science, awsomeness, amazing content, Mark, and Bill all in one video.
Could u separate cool added from water
why is Dick's a restaurant name lol
8:55 awkward
Okay that's really cool.Nice to see they're basically giving it away as well.
Imagine doing it on a river
761 muds have disliked the video
s
"Even the bacteria will be gone?
Edit:i posted this in 4mins of the vid it does kill bacteria"
o
p
e
w
We can change the world
Hugely impactful video, thank you!
d
Isacc newton
i
You could have just asked Shrek. Somebody once told me that his swamp has the best swamp water in za warudo.
e
It's been a long day since i subscribed bro
3:15  - "...more deaths than HIV, AIDS and malaria, combined". I have always read that AIDS is the medical condition, while HIV is the virus that causes the condition. So it wouldn't make sense to cite both, "combined" in quantifying death cases, because they are really both the same cases, except one is the agent, the other is te effect. It would be somewhat like saying that something causes "... more deaths than those related to firearms and from fatal injuries from bullets, combined". What am I missing? Please bear with me, no doctor here.
Mark Rober the kind of guy to collab with Bill Gates
Magical.
in Turkey we are not using it the map is wrong 4:51
The general idea of helping someone for my own good is (i believe) called: egoistic altruism. If I'm not mistaken 'kurzgesagt(in a nutshell) ' made an awesome video on this topic. Its basically instead of having more of the wolrds 'cake' for myself i try to make rhe worlds 'cake' bigger therfore getting more in the end.
is it okay, if i put it in my dirty fish tank?
Nothing better than cool, inspirational, useful, and affordable science. Thanks for the video Mark!
Sub to pewdiepie
Sub to PEWDIEPIE
First video of you that i saw, and i know i should subscribe! Great video dude!
did you just met BILL FKIN GATES???????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Does this work for salt/ocean water?
HIV and AIDS is the same disease tho. Tf man?
So where can we get them for disaster preparation supplies.
You are one good man bruh...
"eating trash (to save the world)

*gets a billion views*"
The more wealthy a country is the less is its birth rate who saves overpopulation
Max is a Maxest boy that why he the biggest
Great work :)
Yay! Let's try yet another chemical fix instead of copying nature & using sand etc filtration in ponds.
Another awesome vid, thank you!
5:28 Jamil Fan ka pala?
Wish I could meet bill gates
Casually speaks to bill gates.
Jeff bazos is richer now sadly
Bill Gates has 140 IQ  i need 8 score to this it mean differnce between 132 and 140 is odd person and greatest gerson 21st century.   Big respect to my hero
I had no idea chlorine, even in tiny quantities, was safe to drink.
I would have gone with Leonardo Da Vinci or Alexander Humboldt. Each of those were at the top of several fields.
8:24 is game play of a game called plague
"""as a man of science i see this and it feels like nothing short of magic""
hmmmmmmm"
This was awesome
Two genuin humble souls having a discussion on saving the world. Beautiful.
Was it me, or we're there some glitches in the video when he drank the water in front of the kids?
Verry good video! thnak you for this!
8:27 yup, Greenland is still unaffected.
"Great work this video should be on trending no.1

You know what ..you really should put  bill gates on the thumbnail..can't believe you didn't"
30% of the comments is talking about bill gates
Clear water doesn't equal safe drinking water.  Ask the people in flint michigan.
This was actually the most inspiring thing ever
Bill is such a great guy :D
"Mark : Where is my 20 bucks?
Kid : MOOOOM!"
Only Mark "the man" Rober doesn't bother putting Bill's name or picture in the thumbnail to get more views.
HOLY CRUD I USED THE SAME SONG (Dizzy) IN MOI VID
I don't know why.. but since i saw your video for the first time. I always amazed by how you deliver your content. The first video I watched from your channel is the glitter one, and I'm like wow this man is so cool. If you mad to someone doing something bad and the police cant help you, just give them sparkles haha.. love your content and keep up the good work. Love from Indonesia
Meet elon musk next
Gotta love that Plague Inc stock video
8:27 plague Inc
Solomon the wise>albert einstein
Still wears a backwards hat to meet Bill Gates. Mark Rober is the realest.
Our great engineers are back, thanks for the video it's pretty educative
6:20 you are welcome
ThAt'S sOmE hIgH qUaLiTy H2O!
GOOSEBUMPS ALL OVER MY BODY!
why only 12 though?
"So If We Pour That Powder In The Ocean
We Must Shake It?"
"""Far worse than ebola""
Yeah ebola really isn't bad at all compared to other viruses."
You aren't seeing the big picture. But okay sure. Obviously there is no global monopoly to keep the poor countries pure so the rich can benifit from their resources. Do you even know how much money my country ows to China and the US... we are so deep in debt it's a joke. And the debt becomes more faster than my country can pay it back. Millions are without jobs.  And the government is corrupt.  Some clean drinking water campaign that will help keep people alive so even a smaller percentage will have jobs won't help my country.  In fact it might just seem good. We are overpopulated. Jobless. Moneyless and people keep having more children.  And the economy isn't growing fast enough to support the next generations. You Americans are so gullible. But hey , you do whatever helps you sleep at night.
Throw those powders into the river
740 followers of Thanos have disliked this video.
I saw you on a channel on tv
I hope you translate the video to Arabic
Sorry but P&G lost me at Gillette
You can never be too safe... you should have boiled the water before drinking it, and tbh you shouldn't be drinking dirty still water with a decomposing carcass in it.
If we all buy these cool water purifying packets we can finally "drain the swamp"
is it the soy stuff
Wauw you saved the world.
6:12 now u know what Aussie meat pies taste like
When she said :"20 bucks" I was like, NO don't say it! It's a trap!
Proud to own a PC with Microsoft software on it!
we do not need more water. we need less people. and less people living in places like india and california
If he put Bill in Title , then millions would have come but he didn't....But still Millions of views are coming...
So why exactly was Bill Gates there? This guy is not interesting and kind of rude.
Thx
jeff richer
"one music is : Crushing You by Ty Lova
and bill why the pink sweater man ? come on...."
It was surprise to see bill here....
Bill loves what?
you're helping globalists destroy white countries and don't even know it
"How bout the Chinese 
We don't credit them enough
They were attacked by 8 countries at once, taking all the resources 
And they invented many things"
9:34 my answer would be Leonardo da Vinci
c'mon dude wearing your hat inside?
"It's really sad to hear Indonesia (aka the country where I grew up) be said by bill. 

Can I move countries now, mum?"
"MOMMY 02:36


Best part!!!!"
It is REALLY disapointing to see that P&G didn't promote and sponsor a video like this, for me, it's like assuming "hmmm... Sorry, we already work on a short budget on this project, if even more people know about this, surely it will be less profitable for us"
Can we appreciate the fact that bill gates has liked this specific video?
Why isn't this on Trending?
"Congratulations 6million subscribers,
You are better than my science teacher!!"
Loved it, great to see you use your influence for the better.
How's this not on trending??
"This is actually a kind of substance that will collect the dirt
And it is used in many different water purifiers in different cities"
"Mark : Bill...Did you just-
Bill : Yeah i love them what's the big deal ?"
holy fecal matters!
At 8:29 ...that's not an animation...It's a game called Plague and is available in the app store...
That powder dusnt kil bacteria, you took a great risk taking a sip.
The fact they had to explain why we should help  the poor  makes me realise how fucked up humans are
There was Bill Gates in the video.
Bill gates is one of the few people on earth who deserve to be rich. Even I don't deserve to be rich because I think I would end up greedy.
Save the water, save the world!
Great energy in this video. Different from the others somehow, but totally great! :D
You Actually met Bill Gates woah
We spend vastly more in bullets and bombs when we don't invest in aid and cooperation.
The government won't like that takes away some control of the poor folk
Someone has been playing "Plague Inc" xP cool video! as usual
"""whom who enters my swamp must drink its water""
-not me"
8:25 Is that Plague Inc I see?
NOICE!
Do you remember me? #38
dose it work on sea water
Casually has a conversation with bill gates
this is a great video
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU MET BILL GATES #billgates
2:30 some high quality H2O right there. That made me laugh so much! I can't
"Bill: i love D*cks
What ?))))0)"
you've upgraded your camera
Very informative and interesting! Thanks - from a student going into a science degree.
"This video is
Amazing."
Hey Bill ...Wanna Save The World? Start by stopping Windows Updates !
"""Be selfish in a good way""
- Bill Gates"
This channel had 6M subs, but it is still underrated.
"yeah or maybe by helping them, we 
escalate the odds of their terrorist groups to have more members, where they inspire them to take over America for all their packs of water cleaning powder. Just saying."
After all of this info, where is the opportunity for us to donate to deliver these packets to needy countries? I know I would like to - I'm sure many of us would! Anyone agree?
He came downstairs into the kitchen right after the interview with Marques.
726 people have missed the like botton
"good job so so far..




new subscriber."
As per usual, a high-quality enlightening video.
"If we would spend all the money the state is giving churches to those kind of projects....
Religion is holding us back so badly."
Bill gates is a mass murderer. What happened in India? How are all those vaccinations working?! You may be well educated but youve got to be a blind fool to elevate Bill Gates or be proud to associate with him.
Did u get that 20 buck??
So this was what was in the g.e.c.k from fallout
"Where mah 20 bucks

Mommy*



Love ur vids

Like this if ur favorite subject is science"
Bill Gates !!!!!!!
WOAH YOU MET THE OWNER OF MINECRAFT!!!
Maybe important step is for US not to destroy other nations with their oil wars, gold wars, diamond wars?
Lmao , and I thought he did this to help us (bro army ) and get pewdiepie some subscribers. I would have loved if he did that .
This was awesome!
Bill coming right after the talk with MarkAss....well done
It reminds me of moringa seeds
Philip deserves to win Nobel prize
Amazing!
Well done Mark. This video is just golden.
2:40 true
great video as always mark. Big fan
9:06 #selfpromotion
12 vids a year :(
Just dump it in the water supply and it'll all be clean.
I thought it was 3 days without food and 3 weeks without water? O.o
Best P&G ads ever
Try that in manila bay?
Marcus and u interviewing Bill Gates :)
Looking at the thumbnail I thought you were Terry A. Davis.
L O V E   D  I  C  K  S
"I really appreciate the efforts and it's all great and amazing but you did a very slight critical error, at 0:05 you said that it only takes 5 minutes, I checked the official website and it takes 30 mins. Knownig that chlorine needs (at least) 30 mins to disinfect water, I thought you might need to clarify that to people.
Thanks for the great content !"
"Earth is 70% water brother
(im prerty sure you know it :) we support you)but i really really love your videos your
the best science youtuber <3"
He actually got to speak with bill gates, what an absolute mad lad
I think that teaching poor people to boil water before drinking
Achievement unlocked: Goof with Bill Gates
put some PnG IN the sea so we can save more people from diseses becase it is a big problem  think for the more for unfortnet people
Mark Rober uses child slaves
It can't have been an accident that you chose those young folk to help you collect the samples from the swamp. Certainly, that experience will induce all of them to grow an interest in 'how things work', and why we need to clean up the water. And I'd bet this will give the same encouragement to kids who take the time to watch this video. Good for you!
Those kids should be wearing protective gears like gloves especially when there's a dead animal in the water.
"People clicking dislike button are rather happy drinking swamp water.
Freedom of choice I guess!"
Although this solution is cute, I wouldn't touch it with a 10-foot pole. The last thing we want is to depend on a corporation for our drinking water. There are better ways to make clean water.
"Look at him, this is Bill himself. Awesome)
You did not ask him about Windows 9"
Love Bill and Melinda's recent exposure. Absolute living legends.
Mark, I would have put the straw at a higher position mate, the small particulate might not have fully precipitated yet
Using the super dead opossum as your thumbnail will get you more clicks. Just saying
Time to start prank people
Dan thinks you are very smart
but we do drink lots of chlorine then? is that oke? i mean, our drink supplies are cleaned with chlorine to right? and its safe for all i know but... is it okay to drink on the lang term?
I've just realized I've never actually watched a video of Bill Gates speaking before this, aside from that one short clip where he jumps over a chair.
12 videos a year, the youtube algo better like you
Japan has arguably been a first world country since before American dollars existed, and certainly leading up to WWII their standard of living and industrial capability was comfortably up to Western standards
Bill gates feeds Agenda 21 and Illuminati
Everything in this video is absolutely true. Including the people involved, awesome human beings.
Nicola tesla was more intelegent than Einstein, Einstein said it himself, when he was asked how did it feel being the smartest man in the world, he said "I wouldn't know. ask tesla".
"9:44
 ""Mark Rober""
 ""Did I tell you to say that?""
 Nods
 ""WHAT?! YOU-"""
Wasn't expecting Bill Gates to show up lmao
Rising medical costs desperately need review and regulation. The margins on some medical equipment has to be astronomical and unethical.
Bill gates only drinks pure figi water
Yay child slavery
Damn get some of these for Flint Michigan
I thought he was joking when he said he was going to see bill gates
Yeah, that cool, but what about soluble staff? Lead salts, mercury, etc..
Who the hell DIS-likes this video....?
The wasted brain power thing is something I have thought about a lot. I cant help but feel sad that the next potential Marie Curie or Isaac Newton is trapped by religious oppression (not being allowed to read and write etc), or scraping to survive because of lack of basic needs. While genius is rare enough in it self,  it takes a phenomenal amount of beneficial circumstances to allow someone like Albert Einstein etc to succeed like he did.  And our planet desperately needs the progress these brilliant minds brings us. We eventually must leave this floating space rock if our species are to survive. And before that happens we need to cure diseases, prevent nuclear wars, global warming, pollution and a plethora of other challenges. And just maybe the key to one of those problems is now dying somewhere because of lack of clean water or because he/she did not have a vaccine for a completely treatable disease.
"Isn't this just flocking? Haven't we know about for ages?

Edit: actually just watched the video, we do this in our pool to remove the pine pollen."
Im indonesia and what thing that make you Indonesia is in trouble our trouble is fricking politics
what do you have to say of your last video
Can you put the a lot of the substance on some dirty lake or something. Then you can drink from it for years
4:53 Turkey's Europe part is missing.
You know that this video was filmed some time ago when they say "The richest man aive" about Bill Gates. Afterall theres Bezos.
It all sounds so good but ....neither foldscope nor this product is available at cheap prices in 3rd world countries.
Those pricks at P&G should stick to making water purification products (among other things) and stop hating on men.
Always love your work.. Keep it up....
I am a great fan of Bill gates.
great video
If this works you can save billions of lives
This guy hooked up with Bill Gates just to make a YouTube video. Wow. Just wow. That's so awesome.
Go mark good on you mate also well done on getting bill gates in the video lol
I like the way Bill is thinking now. And I want to emphasize NOW because his company practices from 90s and 2000s were not even close to his now new life philosophy is. But you know credit where credit is due.. He's doing good things now and Microsoft has changed a lot it's postures about Open Source and Free Software specially on the education field.
Dude this is revolutionary
From making an iPad halloween costume to making Bill Gates pizza rolls in 7 years. Great Job. Definitely one of your best videos so far!
Hey, could it be that the annual letter link is down? I can't reach it but my connection is fine...
Dude Bill Gates is hella chill. 10/10 would be friends with him
8:24 hah that's a mobile game
bill gates is rich but doesn't dress up to  look rich
Japan created anime
BILL GATES SAID, "I LOVE DIYYYKS"!!! WOOOT!!!!! O SNAP!!!!!
Again your country is only by fiat currency, however India is rich with  real wealth, and morally rich. Hahahaa you better live with open mindedness in other countries before you bloody label a country they don't have running water,,, with such nonsense
you are awesome dude
Child labor
The dude makes a video with THE BILL GATES (!!) but doesn't even mention that in a caption or thumbnail. Boss move Mark.
I work in a brewery and this is a similar process to adding finings to beer after fermentation. Great stuff!
Hit Like if you wanted to see Bill Gates drink from that bottle!
Respect this is great content
2:25 the only thing you're doing with that straw is drinking concentrated swamp mud
Mark how lucky are we to have a YouTuber like you! Thank you for putting out positive, inspiring, scientifically proven, and yet still attention grabbing content (love the warp pipe where do I get one). Kids this is the kind of YouTube channel you want to look at!
what about steven Hawkins or Thomas edison
Wow. This is amazing!!!
Or maybe you could save the world by drinking that water that literally falls from the sky, delivered to your roof every single rainy day that you can literally collect with the simplest of gutters
Then they blame the West whenever something bad happens. Nope. We don't need to help other countries. There's no gratitude. There is no chance a 3rd world person is going to be some genius who solves the world's problems. When has that ever happened? Bill Gates should join Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos to colonize space. That's what billionaires should be doing so advanced civilizations can leave and the ones left behind can figure it out themselves.
Biil's like yeah we help them and they're buying all my products muahaha at 9:00
Sadly Procter and Gamble are still a bad company regarding clima change and humans...
Bill Gates literally admitted that our economic system needs poor people and poor countries to function... Wow
i love bill but i still think windows 10 keys are overpriced
Truely inspirational
8:23 plague inc????
U alwys inspire me!
Bill Gates is not the richest man on earth. Lol and it's not even close
Great invention. Just be careful with the drinking surface
"Mommy?"
"Mommy?"
If you help someone, you help everyone
"That stuff is amazing and clearly already helping people all over the world! In my line of work, the concepts of coagulation, flocculation, and disinfection are very familiar. My only recommendation would be to separate the clear water from the sediment before chlorinating it. Carbon, ammonia, nitrite, and trace metals like iron and manganese can use up that free chlorine residual and potentially make it too weak to disinfect some of the floating pathogens.

#actionslouderthanwords
Bill Gates is honestly the coolest.
Disgustang
Where do I get some of those packets?
I am crying...
Just one question How did the swamp water taste?
Throw a barrel of this into the lake
Fascinating...but I also find it interesting that the inventor of the powder works for P&G, the company who owns Gillette and allegedly uses child labour
"Can you do that?

Kid: *Looks disguisted*... ""Yeah..."""
Great job bro..love from India
Omg Bill Gates
What if we teach them how to make the powder?
Bill Gates is probably the kindest rich guy ever
My swamp now
Man i do wanna be someone loke you but im from turkey and i don't know how to join NASA or move to USA
A day after....aquires cholera and amoebiasis. Jk
Thank you so much bro. Now we drink   *triggered*
This is AMAZING!!
2:01 that kid practicing his shaking skills lmao
7:14 Even Bill Gates care about Indonesia's clean water crisis oof-
"Whats the smartest person in the world?" Brain: "albert einst- " mouth cuts brain off "SIR ISAAC NEWTON!!"

Mark Rober BILL GATES HELPS VID DOESNT CHUCK FT BILL GATES"
Get out of my swamp
Diy fish tank (warning may kill fish)
"Casually fly to Seattle then 
Casually talk to the second richest man"
At 8:24 the scene is from plauge.inc
"If you really care about climate change and poor people, you know what you must do?

Advocate nuclear power."
The world shall be thankful to Bill Gates, the man who is rich but knows what is happening through words through understanding the way the problems work.
the best part of this video was seeing Bill Gates standing patiently in line himself for a $2 burger instead of telling his employee or secretary to for him... I may not be the biggest fan of windows but that spoke volumes that he did not think himself too good to be amongst "commoners" despite being rich enough to buy that entire city block worth of businesses
9:03 Mark(Brain): Iphones...
But does it disinfect the water.
Next thing you know, Mark is gonna be serving Bill Gates Mcdonalds lmao
If it can filter Nuclear H2O you are welcome here anytime. -XOXO Yours truly, RootinTootinPutin
1:08 - SUPER DEAD OPOSSUM
Great vid! We need to get you sponsored lol! This is the type of imaginative creation that the world should be watching, bettering civilization. I wish the world was more like Star Trek or something, ever notice how money or material things are never a concern? All coming together to advance life in the universe, a higher purpose than the crap people are occupied with today.
"Mark Rober Exists
Everyone: ooooooo"
How can I access that microscope?
Shrek would be happy
Thanks for this. You make awesome content and videos like this make me believe, that maybe humanity does deserve to survive. Love you man!
"You are legitimately, in my opinion, the best pedagoge on YouTube. I am really inspired by how well you teach and the weight of some of your content. 

Thank you for doing this."
Gates invention has created the MOST grief in my life !!! :( ... I hope this does NOT anti boot me.
If I talked to bill gates I would freak out and be unable to speak
simpler to build a solar tower to generate ele & distilled water !!!
Can bill gates buy a million of these packets
Get tons of purifiing powder on a helicopter and dump it in to the swamp
This is not your swamp!
I bet he got a big bonus that year, haha
these kids arnt as photogenic, i like the other ones lol
Its My birthday today
Bill gates is such a cool dude
I didn't watch cause I really hate Bill and Melinda. Thumbs up cause cool video. When you going to make a video of me launching my invention from scratch. It will save lives...
I've seen a video about that powder but I think it didn't have the chlorine release. It was to help ponds and lakes look beautiful again. So cool!
I didn't suspect Bill Gates to be here
"The man walked into Bill Gates house, gave him molten hot pizza rolls, pretended to have his favourite junk food, then offered him mud water instead.

Nerves of steel."
Vladimir Putin is actually the riches has over 200 billion dollars
"IF SCHOOL WAS LIKE THIS ...
I WOULD GO TO SCHOOL ON SUNDAYS ALSO.."
Please sponsor him
Actually i can't believe  681 disliked this video!
charcoal filter + chlorine does the same thing and doesn't dump coagulant and flocculant into the environment.
why does that background music sound like Afroman - Crazy Rap
You are the coolest my friend. Mutch love <3
That is Bill Gates my dudes
i have a question if we threw about 1 ton of that powder in sea will muddy parts of sea become clear???
"Idk if you're reading I hope you are but I just wanna tell you I'm a 13 year old kid learning a lot and getting inspired by your videos I wish I could be like you I'm a programmer/developer/pre-engineer/film maker trying to find success and my image of success is you.
if true ? That is genius !!!
This guy never fails doing a non-boring, educational, and original content in his channel. Such a big applause to this guy even though he uploads like 12 videos in a year.
U should make a vlogging channel
you are awesome
God damnit it Mark, you're just incredibly awesome. Thank you!
did you really said "it works like magic" to Bill? I love you.
People could also boil the water and strain it. But thats not very profitable
So thats where he gets his money. 2:33
good
Cool video
L o v e D i c k s
I PROUDLY SAY TO EVERYONE THAT "THIS IS MY FAVORITE YOUTUBE CHANNEL"!!!!!!!!
why not teach everyone the process of making this powder?




Edit: Nevermind, the claim has been taken in 3:36"
I would crap my pants in Billy's presence
selfish people aren't gonna acknowledge this kind of opportunity if it doesn't have some form of direct, immediate and positive impact on their life, unfortunately.
Only 12 a year TRASH
8:24 who no wat dish gam ez?
I'm really glad that you made this video. I sponser a Compassion International child in Indonesia and because I sponsor him, he gets these clean water packets and fresh food, clothes to grow all sorts of things. I am not wealthy like Bill Gates, in fact I'm poor myself, but I love doing this for him, knowing that I made a difference and that I can help a young child who is very bright grow so he doesn't have to struggle to survive.
child labor 101
Mark, you dis obeyed shrek you invaded his swamp
You are much better than that Nasdaily dude
One question mark umm if a dog is pregnant and the puppy died in the dogs wombs is there a chance the dog will die cause of getting poison???
Thank you Mark!  I love your videos :)
Omg omg bill gates!
"8:56 it's a win win situation 
ITS A WIN WIN WIN FOR ALL OF US"
Shrek doesn't like this
I want to see him pour a massive amount of that powder into the pond thing to see if it all turns clear
"Welcome to Mark Rober!
where we learn how to make children slaves to enpower our dreams"
8:30 its a game called pleague
Chlorine doesn't kill ammonia....
"I know Mr. Rober is left wing with some fairly extreme social ideas, but I liked the way this was presented to those who are not on board. This is something liberals need to do more.

I have good counterarguments to the positive selfish reasons presented, but those are based on my own opinion. At least I considered what his arguments were rather than just thinking, ""STFU leftist""."
Another video featuring the letter. Why so much popularizing of the letter?
My guy used the plague inc mobile game to show disease outbreak
To save PEWDIEPIE
Who are some countries are desperate need of water? Because MNCs like nestle cococola takes up all natural resources and then they are left to rot
so did you get those 20 dollar? i need to know
How u get bill gates tho
"8:25
real life version of the game ""infection""
p.s. its a great game, must play"
Imagine how much money he would have if we didn't pirate windows key.
Beautiful video, Mark.
Foreign Aid creates stability... I remember when they said that in 1983 and that the group Al Queda just want to protect Afghanistan from the Soviet Union.
The water might look clean but its still not necessarily a good idea to drink it because the magic powder cant do much against chemical pollutants like heavy metals.
You're basically the coolest guy ever. Also, I can't believe you got a meeting with bill gates! How did you pull that off?
Richest man on the earth- not a Gucci belt in sight
What if u drop this in cola?
u should make more than 12 videos a year
That "the smartest person was probably someone you never heard of from a long time ago who probably just wanted to survive" didnt make any sense...
Still waiting for Bill Gates to comment on this video
please Mark, never stop making videos. They are truly inspiring and entertaining
Wait but isn't the chlorine unsafe to drink???
But did you get him to drink it?
Did she give u 20 bucks
YOU ONLY MAKE 12 VIDEOS A YEAR?????????????? Awwwwww mannnnnnnnnn :O(
The link for Bill Gates' letter doesnt work!
Are these available in store's?
First of all i am from Turkey and never saw something like that second of all why the hell Western Thrace is not considered as Turkey?
"Mark Rober:*meets bill gates
*proceeds to make bill gates pizza rolls for one of the most richest people on earth"
Is that bill gates
Your videos are amazing
Mars Rover, will you ever make a video about your work on that mars rover? Or did you already do that?
Jamill music 5:35
5:36 Really, nobody was convinced
Almost forgot that that man created Microsoft.. glad he reminds me
love your vids bud
Bill freaking gates!
Poor girl you steal 20buck from her
You go boy! I like your channel Play on Player!
Is there a way to buy this powder? This would help my area out a lot.
3:18 HIV is just a virus that causes AIDS  :)
Excellent video!!
What is better school or mark Rober
"wheres my 20 bucks 
mommy"
"Meets Bill Gates 


Casual flex"
Imagine going there without activated Windows
"Look it's good water now (sipped) it's goo...



dies"
I can't believe you were in Seattle!!!!  Wish I saw you
no wonder the bgm sounds familiar, it's from a shell in a pit which i always hear from smartereveryday
U r just awesome
Do more videos
Love all  the way from India your video's are always thoughtful I'll share them with my friends
For a split second, when I saw the thumbnail, I thought it was Matt who was sitting in the sit, but then I realized, it was to long to be Matt, and yah..
Dump a whole ton of this P&G stuff into unclean oceans and boom.
Wow!
BS or not it made me cry.
Lmao the kid... "Mummy..."
Your videos are so fun and Educational to watch! Don't even try to make more videos just keep the quality up!
let's clean the ocean!!
This is great and inspiring. But you should totally change the name of that video. Drinking dirty water isn't the message you are sending, it is a lot more inspiring then this. Keep going!
Most certainly high quality H2O
"Almost $100 billion in a frame and no gold, gucci belt, or flex.
People like Bill Gates are the real OGs"
78K Likes and 689 Dislikes. This is why Mark Rober deserves all the attention.
3:43 the hell is that mouse
How is your microwave doing?
Oh thank god now the world is saved
and so they'd need like 5 bags of these per day per person..... A good old water treatment station would be more economical.
R.I.P Operation
Or you could move to California
Think: wakanda
The next Einstein will thank you!
Wow
Thanks for windows, Bill. Been using it for years for free. ARRRRRRRR!
"D: .. Mommy!" XDDDD oh my god these kids are precious
Egoistic altruism!
Its about money not ppl so who carres if u cant monetize it.
but foreign aid makes governments corrupt hmmmm
DAMN mark , how did u feel when u heard about opportunity
QUESTION:  WHERE CAN THESE PACKETS BE FOUND FOR PURCHASE?  I have a friend on another continent where the water is horrible, and visibly DARK BROWN from the taps!  WHERE IS IT SOLD TO THE PUBLIC?  Thank you!
CONGRATULATIONS ON 6 MILLION SUBS!
Who ever dislikes this video must either have some personal issues will Bill Gates and Mark Rober or they completely lost their mind.
"Environmental Engineer here! What you failed the mentioned is that this is exactly how they treat our both drinking and wastewater. 3:55

There are of course some intermediate steps but this technique is pretty much the same and nothing new. It has been used decades now in water treatment plants."
Where can I buy!!!!
Helping poor countries is a good idea.  Do it privately and not with our government.  Privately it is charity and is helpful.  I hope you are not a Marxist.
Procter and Gamble ? From principle i don`t buy anything from them !
"Fun for the kidz.
Why not directly Sendung them to the Junk   
Yard."
5:51 Correction, second richest man alive. I think the amazon dude is.
And there was a Japanese guy who cleaned entire lake buy this method
MARK ROBER YOU ARE THE BEST
Bill gates
"I suspect the ground is going to get filled with empty plastic packets if this gets widespread. We should either invest in trash infrastructure there or make the packets organic.

Also, they are probably going to use the same bottle more than once. We should teach them how to properly clean the bottom of the bottle without getting it spilled on the sides of the bottle."
Studio C
Love your genuine meaningful videos!! Wish you had time to make more than 12 a year though.
This is what progress could look like. One day the entire world be self-sufficient.
How dare u trick me at 5:40 ); giving this vid a dislike i feel betrayed
#takethebill
I think Nikola Tesla was the most intelligent...
What if you put it in sea water???
Sounds good. I wonder what are health impacts of chlorine to a human or to environment, gut bacteria? How about development of chlorine resistant bacteria or viruses? Sterile environment is always risky since there is no microbiological balance.
First in MKBHD's video , now in mark's where are you gonna pop up next bill?
Bill is infact the world's second richest man. Google it
That was amazing I never thought I would see someone that big eat pizza rolls.
"Soooooooo
He met the richest man on Earth?
You must be joking"
Didn't know about this product... not sure how the purple jumper guy fits into the picture lol
You never cease to amaze with your videos! Incredible work, I am already hyped for the next one! :)
Sad about 3rd world countries not having water? Just ask the top 0.1% of rich people to help out. With the trillions of dollars wasted on the cars they wreck, and dozens of mansions they don't live in most of the time you could probably end the global need for food and water forever within a few moths with new farms, water treatment plants, etc.
Can't live without liking this video....
How did you get bill gates !!
Will the water be still potable even if it's contaminated with wastes from plastic, textile and chemical industries?
I will be on a mission
Wtf u cane to seattle ugh i was so close yet so far away from metting u ugh
I've been watching YouTube for ages, and finally feel I've found that one video that stands out from the rest. This is not just entertainment or interesting distractions; this is education & awareness + sense of responsibility to those less fortunate than us. This is Humanity. On behalf of all, this I salute you.
Donated on their site. Thanks! $30 bucks will give clean water for a family for a whole year.
never get bored
Am i the only one thinking Bill was probably very disappointed when there were no burgers, just a few pizza rolls. Not even enough to fill him up, such poor hospitality.
"Me= are u have really senile mind to do that
Kenshiro= you are already dead
Kaori=  you are the worst
Naruto = resenggan
Anime could do better"
Honestly this actually one of the best videos on YouTube, like really actually and properly great
You got into shreks mini swamp.
"my batteries are low and it's getting dark"
Im onely 11 houres late lol
featuring Bill Gates
Inspired
this is good and all, but you also don't want to increase the world population by too much. As humanity currently stands the world is getting near its capacity, and if we don't do something soon only dangers await us in the future. Our only choices are limiting childbirth per couple, colonizing another planet, an increase in food production (while being able to keep our environment safe not only for us, but for animals, and plants), speed up the tech development worldwide, or worse of all having to go with a similar plan as Thanos...
All I see is child labour...
8:25 anyone realized that he used a LAZARBEAM clip from like a year ago? He played that game once.
mommy
Wow! Mark Rober and MKBHD both met Bill Gates for a video.
The link to Bill Gates' 2019 Annual Letter in the description didn't work so I found another link to it (In case anyone else was curious about it): https://www.gatesnotes.com/2019-Annual-Letter
Listen because this is an important message. We are currently wanting anyone who can to help us in the ongoing war against t series, please join the bro army by subing to pewdiepie and help us fight t series.
"I Need This So Bad. ! 
My Well Are nasty And I Drink From It Every dAY :("
"Super impressed by what you did Mark. Gave me Goosebumps all over my body. Keep up the good work. 
Best Regards from an upcoming Engineer"
"""now we drink""

Well neither of you died yet so so this probably works. Either that or Mark gets arrested tomorrow for assassinating Bill Gates"
I cant believe that you didn't put Bill Gates into your thumbnail to get views
What are you doing in mah swamp?
Awesome
"Reminds me of floc

Edit: so after watching through the video some more this is basically the same process that we use at my workplace except for the chlorine part but at my workplace we use it to recycle our water, so I guess it's cheaper for us but we use flocculant and coax no chlorine for us we do it in a reversed it than what you described we first put the flocculant into our main water to pull out the have your stuff like dirt the more prominent minerals and bigger stuff on that I don't know my exact limitations on what all I can describe but I'll do my best after we get that till fall out of the water and her Maine Pond and tanks we send the remaining stuff that's falling out of the water to a different process where we mix it with coagulant to reclaim more of our water by getting whatever water is remaining in there out of the material so in a way we're kind of doing the reverse process I don't think that's right where I guess what I'm trying to look for is a similar but different process where the process your showing is making clean potable drinking water as what we're doing is pulling material out of our water to make it reusable but not fresh, so we're not wasting as much water doing what we do at my workplace."
Save the world save the world
Everyone donate like me
Congrats on 6 mil.
Who else had a glass of water during/after this?
I'm surprized no one said Nikola Tesla..
does the annual letter link work for anyone cause it dosent for me
"""that's some high quality H2O""

OMG WHO ELSE GOT THAT REFERENCE"
1:57 Colt 45 and two Zig Zags, baby that's all we need
Still here, baby !
V Sauce is the smartest person on earth
"Mark rober beings this to the swamp...

Shrek: get out of my swamp!!!"
you just saved the world.
Having trouble accessing the link to the letter
Jeff bezos was the richest I thought???
What about the plastic wrappers?
Bill's a kind person.
8:24 not sponsored by plague inc
"8:24 Plague inc evolved.


Its a game"
Thank you for only making 12 videos a year.  They are awesome
Just as I was expecting for you to bring Bill Gates into this video about cleaning water, you did. You are the best.
Give me the link to buy this product
Best line of the video "now we drink."
nice video, really inspires me and hopefully others, to start contributing where the simple necessities of developed countries are scarce.
can you make a working phone on your own hands?
i drilled my own well in my back yard and hooked it up to a pump, i use it for washing my bike and cars because mains water leaves streaks, theoretically it would be safe to drink, why dont people just do that near the river, the water table there will be really high up and the water will be alot cleaner than what is in the river itself, after it passes through the gravel
"First marques 
Now mark .
Bill gates is doing great work"
HEY!  Thats Me Swamp!!!
When was this video recorded because I live in Seattle and I look out my window to see snow.
How can an averege person help those in need today?
The smarter every day music!!
Wow you almost made me cry. You really make the best videos on YouTube.
Who f**** disliked this video
We need to share this video
What happens if you use it on purified water?
This is such a great video, this is kinda ironic to me because the water supply Where I lived  is contaminated and I understand stand how easy it really was to get water and how hard it is to get it
"You just gave my 'protect humanity at all cost' another foundation. Sigh, if the world is ever united, I'd rather be a knight serving to protect humanity.
That's right, if there is a chance that I could save all of humanity with my life, I'd rather relinquish my life for everyone even if I have the choice to live happily if I don't save everyone.
I just want to say, ""What makes us humans, are humans themselves""."
02:32 waterboy reference!
I'm not first :(
Gj
"2:34 where's my twenty bucks?
- Mommy?

Mark I think your awesome. Your videos are so inspiring, and I know that I'm always going to learn something, which is why your my favorite YouTuber. I love how you didn't even put bill Gates in the title to get views. With your videos I always know that I'll be entertained so I always hit the like button before even watching the video so I don't have to do it at the end"
"wait why only 12 videos a year 


we want more"
Who is soooo selfish that they dislike he is helping the world like said in the title
At first I thought it was made by the people who make PG tips tea bags lol.
Disease clip taken from plague inc. gameplay
I live in Vietnam
"Mark, this is an awesome initiative, and it is sorely needed... but I have to point out some stuff so that people do not get the wrong idea from the video. 

It's extra information for the sake of completion, if you are not interested just skip my comment and support it as is because like said, this saves lives!

The product itself was made and tested in conjunction with the CDC, which is good, and it seems it's going fine for a while now... it's not a super new thing, communities have been benefiting from it for years now - it's ok if you never heard of it, and it's awesome that people like Mark is talking about it. So even for the most paranoid, at least give it the benefit of doubt.

But the way Mark demonstrated on the video is not exactly the way it should be used.
https://www.cdc.gov/safewater/flocculant-filtration.html
The muddy water gets floculated and decanted, then the cleared portion of the water has to pass through a cloth filter, and then a 20 minute wait period for hypoclorite to take action.
It's not shake, wait for it to clear and drink. Hopefully, in Mark's own video he made all the steps, it just passed a wrong idea because of editing. :P

Also, just so people know, this isn't exactly perfect... it is easy to use and convenient, which are high priorities for the places it's going, but from the CDC accessment:
""has also been documented to reduce diarrheal disease from 90% to less than 16% incidence in five randomized, controlled health intervention studies"". It's of course still very very good, probably among the best results possible so far from such a system, but not exactly perfect. So, don't go using something like this yourself if it isn't needed.

The usual problem with purification systems advertisement is that killing 99% or 99.99% of bacteria, virus or protozoa does not mean reducing the potential of getting ill by the same ammount, unfortunately. Basically because contaminated water can have so many of those in there that 0.01% still could have an effect.
Water purification is a super hard problem.

There has been an independent WHO study for those curious on water purification systems that includes this one:
https://www.who.int/household_water/scheme/scheme-r1_keyfindings_8feb2016.pdf
Not sure if it's the same version that is currently in use since this study was made back in 2014, but this floculant received 2 stars while another well know product (Lifestraw) received 3 stars for the resulting water test.
Of course, this doesn't mean investing in this one is bad.... these packets seems way easier to use for high volumes of water in comparison to a filtration system like Lifestraw, specially with very turbid water. Lifestraw itself has advantages like it could be used multiple times, and is even more effective in eliminating stuff from water, but it's also not as cheap to make, not as cheap to transport, and the filters can clog if the water is too dirty... not to mention stuff like cross contamination, flow rate, among others.
Which is to say, there are advantages and disadvantages in both systems. I mean, I'm no specialist, but this is my guesstimation.

Again, this is not to put down the initiative or whatever, just to provide more information for those in doubt if it's worth - it is."
This is pretty cool! How do you think Lifestraws compare to this in terms of affordability over time?
Is that bill gates??
The dead possum got this demonitized
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP
Procter and Gamble also released the GIllette Ad, so nobody should purchase their products.
i loveeee these videos upload more!!
Your first link (the Gates letter) isn't working for me.  Is anyone else having this problem?
I love your videos man
Great video... But... No gloves? Kids without gloves?
"Mark, I love most of your videos. This video is no exception but except for the part where is you try to explain why billionaires or rich countries should help poor countries. 
1. Helping others is humanity. Helping them drink clean water is in itself the biggest help P&G is doing. We should not try and measure it in other ways. 
2. People in poor countries are not lab rats to test new vaccines. There has been news/reports of Bill Gates foundation illegally testing drugs on poor people. Life of a poor guy is worth the same as of a rich guy in a rich nation.  
3. No offense to all the good work Bill Gates foundation is doing. But their bad decisions cant be weighed along side good deeds."
Congrats!! 6 million!
Why only 12 a year?
So is this what my $10 a month for Xbox Live goes to
0:16 what song?
We are cheating on gods power
OMG I can't believe he got Bill Nye in his video
"Now we drink..." famous last words
cough Tesla cough
"5:15 yes. Yes it is. The world isn't a zero-sum game anymore. The better off everyone is, the better off we'll all be because it means more people to come up with new technologies

Edit: Oh yeah, he said the same thing. This is why you don't comment before the video is over, kids"
YAY SEATTLE! My hometown.
Yooooo I saw my house in the background
Yooooo I saw my house in the background
I bought the paper fold scope after watching your video last year and its amazing
I wish I were in one your videos.
Uuuhhh gid dam u really drinking it
What a wholesome video
Bill Gates earned 15,000 dollars during talking to you
Please keep helping it makes the difference
So basically the chorine makes it drinkable and everything else helps it taste a little better.
I just love LOVE you as a human, Mark. Keep up the inspiration for us <3
Those dislikes are unacceptable.
Love this!
The heart + soul in Mark's message about untapped human potential is very moving. Really inspires me to try even harder to help the world the way Bill Gates is.
For some reason I really expected you to test the quality of the water to see how healthy it was. I'm highly surprised you didn't and seriously disappointed.  Please do that Mark.
How is he so calm ;-; Hes talking to bill gates
I'm gonna guess Bill didn't drink the water
Thank you for that video. I love learning about these and how to make our lives and the lives of those around us better!
Dare: Use it on dirty toilet water that was with number 1 and 2! xD
Link doesn't work as of right now (to the letter)
8:24 "Ughhh. I suppose I should protect myself against all those nasty diseased poor people somehow. OK. Fine. Whatever. Here's your clean drinking water packets. Just go die some other way like starvation or malaria or whatever else like you people normally do."
I wish I could subscribe to you twice
I bet $33 that does more than sterile the water.
the link doesnt work
Man This Is Why I Use Microsoft Products For All My Computers. i Would Say I Also Use Microsoft Phones. But We Inklings Need To Use ISquids Cause Our Thumbs Are Diffrent But Man. Bill Gates Is The Man. Saver Of Lives Eater Of Pizza Rolls. Now Excuse Me As I Eat Pizza Rolls Off My Computer In Honor of Bill Gates.
My favorite video yet Mark!
#Seattlesquad
8:53 Woah there, lets not forget XBOX!
this is nothing short of legendary Mark!
8:25 he used plague.inc game animation
You can give a man a fish only if you're willing to teach him how to fish. Give him a fish to get him started, but meanwhile also teach him how to fish
As usual a wonderful video
Hell yeah, m a r k is BACK
great video mark. the link to the 2019 annual letter doesn't work :/
My "endless supply of clean water" is full of sodium fluoride and pharmaceutical residue.  I'll just add the coagulant flatulence proctor and gamble tide powder.
Jeff bezos is richer now
What's with the chunks in the water floating at the top at bills house? I noticed neither of you drank that
This video alone makes me wanna donate money somewhere somehow to someone in need haha
We are willing to help those countries but then who is gonna make our Iphones with 1$ a day and whose gonna burn them when we throw them far away from as in their fields and rivers?
I wish the world will have more people like you with a big heart!!!
Congrats on 6 million mark
Bill Gates is the only rich person I stan
I love this guy
Wow is taht real where can we buy that powed dude
Well actually the more accurate analogy would be teaching a man to fish while providing the rod, line, bait and lures. You could teach a man to fish but a man who knows how to fish can never fish without the equipment. Teaching is only a small part, people also need the tools.
I love how he stands true to his schedule rather than going crazy for the YouTube's more content algorithm thing....few amazing content always better than tons of mediocre ones
I hope we get better life-extension medicine soon, even if it was just for Bill Gates.
BILL GATES HOST MEME REVIEW!!!
Thank you, Mark.
Egoistic altruism. It'll help us to help developing countries.
Never 100%
Mark rober is honestly a really good guy!!
Jeff Bezos is the richest person in the world
"""Mark Rober""
""Did I tell you to say that?""
Nods
""WHAT?! YOU-""


Literally the best part of the video XD"
I live in Seattle
9:44 <3
Why would anyone dislike this beautiful video!
Your videos are so inspiring! Keep making them!
For some reason, these makes me teary
Congrats mark on the amazing 6M milestone!!!
Who would dislike this video. Some real sub human people in the world.
are those powder alum?
LOVE FROM South INDIA.
Here before this gets 20 million views
I feel like everyone should watch this video and just think for a second.
Do you ever go to universities to do talks. I'd love to hear and meet you in person some day. You are truly inspiring. Thank you
Bill Gates' vow to give nearly ALL of his ridiculous amount of wealth to charity, like 99%, is exactly the kind of practice what you preach mentality that makes me so proud of humanity. He is a beacon of hope this the often dreary world.
I like how casually Mark is just like "so yeah i just kinda set up a little hang out thing with Bill Gates"
Hey i just go to the sink to Get water becaus i am dutch
"wheres my 20 bucks..


""mommy"""
You should monetize your videos if you only make 12 per year, you'd make bank but it's your choice
Xbox
Xbox
Well.. the idea to help germany was not around, was it?
If only these "poor countries" (with all the natural minerals and materials) would do something nice for the rest of us... the world would be a better place. Unfortunately, it's only a one-way street.
Bill gates is not the richest person currently its Jeff Bezos
The new god :)
thanks bill gates to care about poor countries like indonesia or india . especially indonesia because i live there
Gates extra made an anvertisement for microsoft
Wow, so he created a water treatment plant, in a small portable packet.
This video made me tear up
What's the packet name
Your videos are so helpful. Thank You for making them, But there is always a question in my mind -why did you leave NASA and by the way curiosity rover had a great run...
You should add a new sticker to your door every video
GGWP
whos this bill gates guy? ive never heard of him.
"""Alright, where's my 20 bucks?""





""Mommy..?"""
1:08 DEMONOTIZED
"That's some high quality H2O" - the water boy
Feels so strange to live within thirty miles of Bill Gates.
Omg u drank the water and the world is now saved! No more war and poverty! You have created world peace. Thank u.
Holy crap He likes Nintendo!!! This is amazing!
"Great







You don't use Bill Gates name for views and don't some weird thumbnail, thanks"
"""Alright where's my 20 bucks?""
""Mommmmm"""
Do that to india
You're so lucky being able to meet up with awesome people.
Meeting with Bill Gates and not putting his name in the title ! , this man is  a LEGEND !!!!
What happens when you put in pee
4:51 ey! Take dat back india didnt.
you are an incredible person
You should try to put enough powder in a small pond to make the whole ponds drinkable
yeah but it won't work
Would this work for the people in Flint?
You make the best videos so well thought out!
Hats off to you mark....
If only they'd had that on the Oregon Trail... :(
I love how the point of this video is to save earths water but he uses a plastic straw
Why don't clean the lake
Who would thumbs down this video? This a great video thx mark
Why would you purify it when you can just BUILD A WALL
What is this chemical that you have purified water please tell me
I Love How He Also Say That It Helps Indonesia (If You Are Wondering I Live In Indonesia)
The testament of Mark's progress is meeting frickin Bill Gates
Bill fence is a good guy
hmm... did you and Marques Brownlee meet with him on the same same? Looks like the same white collared undershirt and he just popped a dif color pullover.
Yea, great... let's feed the worthless, helpless, 70 IQ Africans so they can breed more worthless, helpless 70 IQ Africans.
my favourate bit was the 15fps bit :D
I want to like your videos and subscribe more than once
Bill Gates got bodied by Bezos
6:20 mmmmh
I'm always impressed by science. It can come from the least likely source and have impact far beyond imagination.
3 weeks without food is incorrect, and that is a number suited for someone of normal size, which most people in the western world are much fatter and could go for months without food.
This was wonderful to watch, and I learned a lot. Thank you very, very much, Mark!
Hey!  I am watching this the day it came out... Sidenote, it is my brother's birthday.  How about salt water?
I just love how he says.. Vietnam,  india.. India is the fastest growing economy is the world.. Just so u know
the Mario tube travel / transition @ 5:45.... awesome!
A japanese Scientist name Marino Morikawa been working on project he invented using nano technology for years now cleaning heavy polluted lakes his formula is 100% organic. unlike Philips invention Morikawas Solution makes Bacteria,Viruses and any other contaminated Particles float to the top. So making it easier to clean ! check him out
Ur telling me you went to Seattle without visiting me? XD
I dont think any of those third worlders you showed in the stock footage are even close to as intelligent as mr. einstein. disrespectful
I like how you meet the richest man in the world and you are like hi nice to meet you also he has a modest kitchen for a billionaire
I love it till you search iq by country :(
I really appreciate what you do mark. Keep it up!
that little girl is so cute, she was trying to get 20 bucks from her mom xD!
sorry to hear about the rover on mars. I am sure you are sad and so are people around the world. It was a piece of artwork that exceed way beyond what was expected.
Does it clean pee?
You did not even mention Bill Gates in the title, like it is no big deal
Good video but did I just see you use plague inc. as a visual for a pandemic?? 8:30
My cat was stuck in a garage for 2 weeks surviving off of toilet water without food
Could this help with the water in Flint?
2:09 Glitch
2:22 the straw looks like sucking in the dirt...
Seriously?? No ones going to comment about the number of soft drinks cans in Bill Gates fridge??
First of all welcome to Seattle
Shrek hates that powder.
Gg mark
I've known this world-saving thing, thanks to you.
Love the vids !
Easily one of your best videos ever. Thank you.
"Very nice for you and bill gates.
But mark rober please make 2 videos in one month i can wait a whole month to see your video again. If you can then please if you cant then i will have to be patient"
Just drop a nuke on those countries, Its like a mercy shot, instead of letting them go through this pain.
Regards Ernesto"
SMARTEST HUMAN NIKOLA TESLA.
Honestly I learn more things watch your vids than at school and you make your vids pretty funny
2:00 that girl is ready for somethin :p
Wow not sponsored! Your the real hero!
i will watch this in a bit when i am relaxed as i need to watch good stuff when i am relaxed
Can this be #1 on trending please? Thanks YouTube gods
Shrek came to my house
What about heavy metals in the water like lead or mercury
Broken link for annual gates letter
"I was expeccting bill gates to say
Pizza rolls are for normies i eat 10,000 dollar steak"




subtle communism music intensifies"
"All the more reason to build the wall and protect research,progress, and to make America great again to (once back on track) make the""world a better place""!!!!!!!!!      #MAGA

Oh yeah. ..... you and your videos (along with your intelligence) are awesome! 

The big G himself? What an amazing man. And amazing video Mark! :)
great video thanks for helping the world
Wait. If rich people help poor people. We will run out of poor people...
"Mark: where my 20 bucks
Kid: mommy...."
I assume this cannot remove dissolved chemicals or toxins from the water?
Is Oppy the Mars Rover your work?
6:13 Left handed Bill
Why did Mark keep bringing up Nintendo like Bill Gates has anything to do with the company?
I'm pretty sure I learn more from your videos then my actual science classes.
Will it work for water containing chemicals?
Who's cutting onions in here? This is inspiring stuff, thank you for making this video Mark. We're better for having seen it and hopefully it inspires more than just me.
Make more videos! I love them!
Do stuffs like this man.rather than your over engineered product.i am not discouraging you rather i love your videos like this .kudos for doing an amazing video.
2:21 rippin one in front of the kids r ye
Geez bill needs some better security. The richest person on earth eats pizza rolls made by a random person lol
"Thats some high quality H2O right there".   Waterboy - Adam Sandler
This video must get on trending.
It funny that this science YouTuber ignores the basic statistics and politics. Statistically, Africans, Latin Americans, and Muslim populations have much lower IQ. IQ are normally distributed. Which means the chance of a super smart people exist in these countries are extremely close to zero. Also, you cannot assume all human beings want peace. When people in these countries can shift their attention from surviving to do something else, they'll likely start to expand, in other words, invading other nations. Smart people in these countries are likely ended up working as military or political leaders. Social uneasement is often caused by uneven male and female ratio, not just poverty. When young males realize that they'll never find a mate, they'll become violent and take somebody else's mate.
That moment Mark used Plague .Inc to show how a  disease would spread.
"Where can I get one of these packets and how much it is?
Btw cool to have bill gates in your video."
Dirt magnet was my bands name
Can you send like 10 thousand boxes with those packets to Flint Michigan as well???
HOW DID YOU GET TO SEE HIM?!!??
12 vids a year ugh
Sippin on straight chlorine
"1. Water
2. Energy like these guys www.stratumgen.com
3. World Peace!"
Philippines does this to??!




Still a cool video"
amazing coloid property right there
what about all the Hydrocarbon's, fertiliser's. antifreeze, trans fluid, and pharmaceuticals in that water ? or the cadmium and radioactivity that comes out our exhaust pipes ? its all still in the water !
"Hey Mark! 
Every video I watch of yours sparks creativity and makes me think. Especially this video on water purification packets. It made me think about what I could do for this planet to help the less fortunate. Thank you for the video you put out."
Best youtuber ever!!!
when he used the mario pipe to the place he was in [seattle] ive been to that area
I funded Foldscope because of your video. Got a bunch of them but nobody can use it. It just doesn't work.
"Anybody have any idea about the shelf life of these packets? I can't find anything about that, I'd love to get some for a bugout/emergency kit. (They donate when you purchase them too)

Edit: After some digging, the packets seem to be good for 3 years, if anyone else was wondering

Source: https://dayoneresponse.com/faq/"
One short video later and a man has changed my views. Much respect to all of you guys and what you do for the world.
what about sea water
Idw I just love him
Great job
Why have I not seen a video like this before? I used to think that I had nothing to gain from things like this. I thought it was pure altruism. I always thought, I have my own problems to worry about. Sure I have a higher standard of living but also a higher cost of living. Now, I'm far more likely to donate to foreign aid causes than I was before.
NaM??????
at 2:46 he says you cal last 3 weeks without water but it is definitely possible to last 5 weeks without food
2:30 sounds like the voice of regret tbh lmao
i can smell those pizza rolls fr
Hey dude! why not make 2 vids per month cause we are really having trouble waiting for vids
Thanks
So if you put a huge bucket of the powder in a whole pond and you stir it for 5 mins it will clean it
I'm not drinking floculant lol, if that gets in the blood stream isn't it going to make your blood clot?
Dump like a thousand of those packets in the swamp, churn it up, and go for a swim!
Btw I was the first person to like and second to comment
Did you shoot your kitchen scene in 60 FPS?
yes
Beautiful
Bill looks like the person who cheated in who wants to be a millionaire with his wife and another competitor by coughing not gates the scientist
The smartest person is Leonardo da Vinci
I just love this man
I'm glad that all the people in the world Bill Gates is the richest man in the world
I love how my two science dads teach me another thing, together.
my mom almost died from drinking dirty water
Your videos are so surprising. At first it's like cool, this is awesome. Than you bring Bill Gates into the mix.
Man I love your videos. I look forward to them every month.
As always, great video and a positive message!
Jeff bezos??
ngl this is a pretty low tier mark rober video
get mr beast to buy 1 million dollars worth of this and send it to a charity or like 100
YOU ACTUALLY MADE PIZZA ROLLS FOR BILL GATESS WTF!!!!!!!
"i am a pakistany and say it in your
 viedo"
Ignorance is extremely bliss, I learned so much.
This video gives me hope.
I hope nobody uses these in the ocean
"The question is how much "" ppm of chlorine "" stay in the water after purification ?? 
Cause chlorine cause brein damage too ! 
Think again ! 
Distillation is the best way to purified water ! As the nature do every second 

Peace 
Have a good day ;)"
Great video
NO PHYSICS IS SUPERIOR TO CHEMISTRY
The product page says 30 minutes not 5.  It seems amazing this is not commercially mold or available.
Jme promene dans mon avion parce que cest super coooool !
loved this video
Now thats called content we need more we are hungry bacterias!!
as always, every video you make teaches me a lot. Goodjob! please keep up the good work!
I think I had this weird thought that Bill Gates wasn't a real human and he was just the idea of "the richest man on Earth" since you never really see him do average human things and speak to other average humans. It was so weird watching him eat a pizza roll.
Nice positive video and plus WOW BILL GATES!
He only makes 12 videos a year really?
Now that's something good
You r a great guy mark u are the new hero for a lot of people
i did not expect bill gates to show up in this video
I wonder I much water can you clean with 1 packet of this
After listening to the NDQ podcast with you, I feel like this is an excellent choice you have made for a video following your recent influx of viewers. Bigger audience, bigger ideas!
FDA approved lol
The rule of three
Amazing video! you are raising awareness and teaching us science at the same time!
This just shows how long ago he filmed this, Jeff Bezos is now the richest man
"When we did a little activity at school where we had to find synonyms and antonyms for words. I got the word, Midas.
(It means rich.)
My partner and I used poverty and other words like that to write antonyms,  while for synonyms...






We put down Bill Gates.
Please Mr. Rober don't use Plague Inc. (8:25), it scares me.
Men, you didn't ad your video with Bill Gates. It's some kind of high level flexing.
NASA is a joke. Lol, didn't you know? Space may be the final frontier, but it's made in a Hollywood basement. Haha!!
I like how it had floaties for bills bottle
This still doesn't solve climate change or the extinction of insects. It might seem like human lives matter but it's actually the problem.
Bill Gates isnt the richest man in the world the owner of amazon is the richest man in the world
Good use of your platform!!!!
8:25 some plague inc. gameplay right here
"2:34 

Rainy: realizes she just lost 20 bucks
...mommy"
BILL GATES IS SO COOL
I remember watching a video about a Japanese-Peruvian scientist who cleaned a contaminated lake in Peru and "revived" the surrounding wetlands. Part of his process was a steps 1 and  2 (coagulation and flocculation) of the packet using a soy-based product; then used a "nano-technology" to introduce "nano-bubbles" to mix the water. Interesting how the ideas are so closely related.
this is actually the first time I've heard bill gates speak
oh my god bill gates is my idol!!
Bill is uncultured swine who does not fully appreciate the greatness that is the pozza roll
Why only 1 video a year?
Science is crazy man.
I wonder what the long term effects of this powder will bring.
I was not expecting this today
Only 12 vids a year???
the link to Bill's letter is incorrect  but here is another if anyone is interested - https://www.gatesnotes.com/2018-Annual-Letter
Why would Taiwan be highlighted on the map at 4:50 ? This doesn't make any sense. Unlike China, Taiwan is also a highly developed but spreaded country, so I don't think Taiwanese would use the powder.
You referenced The Waterboy!!!
"Omg! He didn't add bill gates in title and thumbnail...True legend
#weloveyoumark"
Damn bill gates
Thank you for awesome videos. This one made me think how i want to raise my children so that they would have role models like you. Through science we can make a better world.
How cold is it in your kitchen?  That puffer has you covered down to about 20F.
06:20
Hi I love science
Great video Mark. I am also an inventor and know the impact that any of us can make world wide. Hey I see the skateboard on your wall, if you ever want to look at a skate idea I would love to work with you on it. I am a former pro skater that loves to have fun and design new things. Keep up the good work.
I'm pretty sure he thought Bill Gates started or is related to Nintendo some way lol
At 2:08 there's a weird cut thing, can anyone explain it?
no tanks..
the powder is probably poisonous and ur drinking it
Shrek: You posted in the wrong swamp
Masterpiece
preach
"Just amazing


.. Gave me goosebumps"
Good subject and video.  Tip of the hat to P&G for helping people without access to clean/safe drinking water.   Assuming these packs have a reasonable shelf life they should be included in every emergency preparedness kit. Too bad they are difficult to find in the US and those that sell them are more interested in taking pennies per pack to dollars per pack under the guise of forced sponsorship to others in need.  It will be sad to see the illness and loss of life after the next major US earthquake by a lack of product availability in personal disaster kits.
Bill gates?!?!?!?
I'm sorry bill, I'm watching this on a Kmspico Windows 10....
"8:27
Looks like Canada is safe."
Phenomenal video. Really does a great job showing how humanitarianism is the best.
Can it clean pee?
"Great video! Love your content, those packets are genius.
One question though, in terms of the chlorine, does it stay in the water? Or sink to the bottom like the rest?"
Some guy came to my school today and just talked about this product
But, did he drink the water though?
why does he only make 12 videos a year
This was a long commercial
A man who has a 24/7 chef eats pizza rolls
What if we dump a billion gallons of this powder in the ocean
You talk to a man that is worth more than the state you live in
"One vid a month
Quality>quantity"
Plague.Inc is of course the best example of animation for diseases so I dont blame ya for using it ;)
Is it still healthy to be drinking water with chlorine?
how can i give a thumbs up more than once? this video is amazing!!!
8:25 to 8:30 the game is called plague.inc
Acaly no one dies from HIV or AIDS, they just weeken your amunsystem and than some othe deses kills them.
Bill Gates has been drinking lots of "dirty" water. First Ronny Chiengs poo and now swamp water
good video, good message
Man this video hit hard with the messages. Love it.
The smartest man to ever live was Solomon. If we're including God-man, then it's Jesus.
Sir..... I think its alum...... U get it in india...
just ask mr beast
The gates link doesn't work
Makes more sense to spend 5 billion on stabilizing the border vs a wall that is bypassed by drones and tunnels,.
Man u always make my day. Love from depth of my heart .. From pakistan
Nikola Tesla was the smartest man alive during the era of geniuses.
Hey Mark, have you heard of water bears? They can survive for a very long time without water. Sometimes more than 30 years!
Die does he only do 12 videos
Did bill just say what I thought he just said?
8:53 talking about Sony and Nintendo (Microsoft's competitors in the console industry) to the guy that made Microsoft
Love the subtle Water Boy reference!
if you want to save the world, subsribe to pewdiepie
1:07 Well No Thanks
Sipping on straight chlorine
Absolutely loved the video!
hyperlink doesn't to letter doesn't work. Awesome video by the way!
Wonderful video.  Thanks so much.


Edit: OMG I have never got this many likes before thanks you guys"
Dude you're to good for this world
how do you feel about the death of the Opportunity rover on mars
"My friend ate a skittle off the floor. 
rip opportunity rover
The letter link is not working for me...
it'S HERE
He was playing Plague Inc. nice.
Absolutely wonderful videos that are inspiring and interesting to watch.   Keep up the good work.
12 a year?!
2:11 are those Bai bottles? Coconut flavor? Mark, you just got a lot cooler in my book. Good video as always, by the way.
How can people dislike this video? good grief
ONE man who has more money than people in India, times 80 and not a single Gucci belt in sight.
you say super dead opossum I say maybe he's just really really good at playing dead
i dont like kids being in your videos its just sad that you dont have kids yourself
We use these packets 8 years ago in my school when I was in 8th class
"8:24 

Did you win that game of plague inc?  XD"
Awesome
"""nintendo""
""yeah and nintendo""
bill to himself .. ill send steve balmer to kill him later"
I saw Bill Gates and MKBHD's Instagram pic instantly came into my mind.
Bill Gates always wears the same type of sweaters.
Some people bring wine when they have a date with Bill Gate, you bring dirty water.
Has this stuff tound it's way to Flint Michiga
Love it!
whats with the dislikes???y'all dont want clean water?
9:34 The name is nikola tesla
"Thank you Mark for promoting the help of people in their own nations, instead of signalling how virtuous you are by saying they should all just move into our country, or we should all just be one big happy communist nation (that's what they're going for kids).

It's really refreshing seeing someone actually helping the disadvantaged without sacrificing the sovereignty of his own nation. Again, thank you Mark. Very cool."
4:13 hematite noises

Good job mark!"
He just met Bill Gates like literally the one and only Bill Gates!!
Can I get a rip in the chat for Jeff Bezos and losing 1/3 his wealth
That's one thing I miss about the USA: Clean water on tap. This seems like a better, more economical solution than something like solar-distilation of brackish / saline water.
I kinda want to see Bill Gates play Mr. Rogers...
1:25 Afroman - Colt 45
"I love what you are trying to do for the world man if only everyone had the same mindset as you
I tested water quality in my town in Lexington  mo and it had 423 parts per million .so yeah we need this stuff
Awesome
Developed nations should help developing nations because the developed nations got developed by robbing the developing nations of their resources through centuries and centuries of colonization.
In my 5th grade class we have been working for 5 years to help Kenya with getting better water
Thanks for the great videos hopefully it makes kids more interested in stem careers. Keep up the good work.
Mark, great video! Please check out the 2006 Nobel prize winning Grameen Bank-- they have an incredible approach to development. Gov aid seldom works on a micro level..RE Dambisa Moyo's "Dead Aid". Keep up the great work. Please let us (your audience) know how we can help support your channel. What would it take to get you to 20 videos per annum?
100+ billion in one video
Yo Mark, u gon help Mr. Beast with the lawsuit? Lol
I want to be part of all this.  How?
As always, awesome video and great message.
Danm you got to meet bill gates, i just did my biography project for the 4th year in a row on him, lol
Okayy fr who dislikes this joint
It would be better if the packet is made of biodegradable material ....
Lmao this guy just casually met Bill Gates
I thought Jeff Bezos was the richest...
"Mark we want you to make next video on::
Mark Rober style life-saving new and simple tech by using your field of expertise i.e PHYSICS.
Like who wants the same."
Appreciate your work mark
Subscribed!
Greatest YouTube channel
And this video only has 622k views tsk tsk
I'm glad I found this channel
12videos a year so sadddd
Smartest man yo ever live? Easy: Nikola Tesla
SHARE THIS VIDEO!!
How is it that 524 people dislike this video???
I love it!! Makes me realize how privileged I am. Keep keeping me humble Mark.
Who else just really wants that stuff
so meanwhile we are giving them pure water instead of these cheaper packets that can uncontaminate all the water they already have
Best YouTuber hands down
but you never told us who the smartest person was...
Didn't think you will bring Bill Gates in the video.
8:28 Plague Inc. lol
Ever thought of going vegan or vegetarian for the greater good?
That white powder is called 'tawas' in Malay - we used it to clear water in a well
Has anyone tried the link to bill gates annual letter? It doesn't work for me ...
casually chats with bill gates
"Bill Gates, founder of Microsoft, which created Xbox.
Mark Rober: NINTENDO! MARIO REFERENCES! DONT FORGET ABOUT NINTENDO!!"
What did you do this mornig o nothing just eat some pizzarolls with the richest person on earth
Yo, but where do I buy the powder?
Team up with hacksmith for the next video pls
How about the bacteria effect in said water? (30 seconds into the video)
I have use that
What about parasites?
Let me just stop you right there when you say help the poor. The poor can get fucked sucks to be them that they got no clean water but I'm not going out of my way to help them. You could bring up the hypothetical what if it was me...but it's not and will never be me in that situation so get fucked.
Bill gates is so awesome. Also about helping other countries I get wary about which nation's to help. Just look at China who we helped out and now they are one of biggest threats. I'm just playing devil's advocate here because it's foolish to think that any nation we help will just be nice and not attack us.
Honestly who dislikes these videos
#MagicPowder
Hey just a fun fact about HIV: It's not long for this world. Not only are medicines in place that improve patient outcomes dramatically, but Johnson and Johnson are starting Phase 3 clinincal trials for a freaking vaccine. Herd immunity for one of the plagues of mankind ETA 2-4 years.
Water is just wet air
but r the packets biodegradable tho
Bill gates 2019, " I love Dick's" 6:22
yayyyyyy
This people are real Avengers!
Bill gates is gonna be the richest man again
but why'd you put your finger in your mouth at 2:09 smh mark




the world needs more people like you.
you actually met THE Bill Gates!
"Wait, you met Mr. Prakash last year? 
Why do I feel like that I've known about the paper microscope years ago?"
What an amazing product! This is the kind of thing that restores my faith in humanity!
This is the same reason we should end abortion.    Steve Jobs was adopted rather than aborted and look what happened to the world.
You realize in a stagnant environment that's not touched overtime sediments drop to the bottom right kind of a common-sense thing oh wait somebody advertising a product would never admit that
Next up: Throwing spoiled brats to mars ft. Elon Musk
D R I N C C
This is interesting stuff, but how is it more effective then s rock, sand, and fabric filter with chlorine sanitizer?
best way to start off 2019 good job man
I don't know how someone can dislike a video like this one. Extremely inspiring and educative.
Wow. This channel has come amazingly far from cool costumes lol. Great work
Can I like a video more than once? This channel is great. I love it.
What about the germs?
This video me want a glass of water
Imagine If every country in the world was a scientific power house.
I want you to Say a few words about oppy.... Make an exception to make a 13th video for him... Rip opportunity
Thank you for that fact
I considered subscribing to this channel Mark. I mean after the pizza rolls.
How did curiosity being shut down make you feel?
Love this
Well done sir
See everybody! ahem... ahem... Alexandria Ocasio Cortez. Billionaires aren't evil just because they have lots of money! So much money has been given to poor people by rich people... and the government didn't have to hold a gun to their heads to take it from them!
Bill Gates prob made like 10 grand during your conversation
THIS IS WHY IM SUBSCRIBED
He literally has the same exact handwriting as me
2:34 where's my 20 bucks... "mommy"... hahaha!
Funny this popped up in my feed because the lady few days my city has been contaminated and so I have to boil my water. Makes me feel for other people around the world.
I assume it passed the potable water testing after it was purified using those packets?
The Gates Letter link in the description was not working for me. Either it is a bad link, or there was a server issue
Does anyone actually think Einstein was the smartest? He was just guessing and got lucky
Just pour it in the lakes instead
Tells audience he wants to help out in his community then scams a kid of $20
this is really top quality video, very inspirational
Has billgates in video, doesn't put him in thumbnail to entice viewership that shows character
Link isn't working bud.
"....5 years later
Commercial: if you or your love one has taking this powder, you are subject to law suit please call this number"
Aren't these chemicals harmful to nature ?
visionary!
6 mil yiiiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaayyyyy
Why did you not link to the"powder". Or talk about where to get it????
"LaCroix and Diet Coke.




Also known as what one of the richest men in the world drinks."
Thanks for being so wholesome
The moment you realize you have the same microwave as a billionaire.
This is now my new favorite drink.
Mommy gimme 20 bucs
Yeah good plague inc footage mate
500 people disliked this video??? Are you human?
"helping poor countries" aka stealing their resources and profiting from conflict minerals like coltan. Bill Gates for the guillotine
Bill Gates just seems like a very likeable, down to earth guy
Just like MKBHD he got to meet The Bill Gates But now I wanna help people get better :D
this man just pulled up to the richest man on earth w pizza rolls and pond water to drink
Awesome video I'm glad I subbed
"BREAKING NEWS
Microsoft buys P&G"
"And I when I watch the news, I see just political b.s, of Democrats and Republicans, fighting like children on Twitter....








"Mark if you ever revisit the pinewood derby please try this.    my dad suggested that maybe you could make a car shaped like an upside down wing so that as the car goes faster it gets heavier by producing upside down lift which would make the car go faster 

If you are mark please reply and tell me why or why not it would work or revisit pinewood derby and add it into a video please because no one ever listens to my comments"
Show this to Trump
What can we do to help?
How about reacting to rover at mars
Here before one mil
Mark are you planning on talking about the death of the Mars Rover?
I wanna have a sit down with bill gates and eat pizza rolls
smartest person ever was probably Archimedes
Man I've missed your videos!
Mark, there is only one thing that I have to mention. Federal Governments are good at very few things, and wasting money for no good reason is one of them. P&G is doing a great service to those who need fresh water, but the issue is that there will come a day where those countries will hold out a hand expecting a "hand-out." I believe the solution is to move humanitarian efforts to private non-profit  organizations, who have to budget money and be held accountable, or they will no longer be an organization. This also means that they have to keep the interest of those how donate in mind, and make the world a better place at the same time. Oh, and the process is way faster that the slow moving government does anything about it.
For the love of all things important! Plz support stuff like this! Aiding the people and not the government! Awesome to see people saving lives without political drive or selfish motive...
I love di*k
Mark should have put Bill Gates in the title. Some would call it click baity but more clicks = more awareness. Besides, Bill did appear in the video for a GOOD chunk of the time so I think it's justifiable.
dude how did you get bill gates on this
Super cool that you had a conversation with Bill Gates and all but it's way cooler that he literally has a fully stocked drink fridge.
"'Okay wheres my 20 bucks?'
'Mom!'"
another reason to help Japan was that we wanted a regime change in their country, so that they would not become an empire again
R.I.P. OPPORTUNITY
Not what I expected from a video about drinking mud.
that's not fair it was going so perfectly then we don't get to see bill gates drink some of the rubbish?
"Drinks the water 
Dies"
Wtf i went almost a month without water
My life 2:33
"Such a long wait.
Worth it =D.
Keep it up mark."
Can it purify suwage?
So I'm dying to know if Bill Gates actually drank any.
I'm laughing because of 8:24 plague gameplay
This is still a idea in so many levels , rats pee can kill you and you could have drank it
Great video! Thank you for the great lesson!
Damn good and inspiring video again Mark, thank you!!
8:29 Of course Greenland hasnt been infected yet...
Too bad Mark didn't check the water with the fold microscope
"9:31. That's a bad question for several reasons. For one, how do you quantify intelligence? 
Albert Einstein had absolutely terrible social skills.
Does that make him less smart?
John von Neumann is a wonderful example of both a really intelligent human being, and also a socially capable human being.
However, neither of them will ever be able to talk about SpongeBob memes, or play sports and stuff, so who is really the smartest?

Answer: I don't know, it depends on you're opinion."
*Featured on Reddit.
"Really?  So what exactly does Bill Gates do, really do, to help the homeless, the poor...this guy has so much available equity in everything, 
he could house dozens of ""migrants"" on his compound, and not even know they were there.
These Liberals are always telling the rest of us how greedy we are, and how THEY could easily pay far more taxes than they do.
So why don't they just cut the government a big ol' check?  Because they want US to pay, NEVER them...
By the way WE DO help developing countries, millions and millions of dollars each year in AID, and at the same time, we punish ourselves with extreme regulations, 
which limit and restrict people who want to start businesses, and create and develop and invent the very things that would and could change the world.
In the meantime, it is CHINA and INDIA who are by farm the greatest polluters on the planet.
The way they dump garbage, poison and plastic right into their lakes, rivers and the ocean is beyond despicable.
Whet we should be doing is INSISTING that they clean up their environment, STOP POLLUTING rivers and oceans, OR NO MOREW AID.
It seems the more we give them, the more they are inclined to think they are entitled to it, and the less they are inclined to clean up their own messes.
Like that also is our job.  Well it's not.  The water they pollute is on them.  Their governments have to decide that enough is enough, and do what is necessary to help themselves.
We can't continue to bail out countries who don't give a damn about clean water and clean air.  
There has to be conditions on aid, and I believe that Bill Gates also said that we need to help them SO they can help themselves.
The condition should be that we must insist that they DO eventually help themselves, not sit around hoping they someday get the idea, 
and do it for themselves, their environment, the wildlife, and their own people."
So did bill actually take a drink of the water?
I didn't know you only make 12 videos a year but I do really love and appreciate all the videos you make. Thank you!
Mindblow . I thought bill gates was not actualy real
Oh ya, he casually met Bill Gates no big deal....
"This makes me question;

.. What DOES Bill Gates eat?
Richest man on earth making a million dollar sandwich?"
Loved this video to the core.
You know Mark you are very inspiring I want to one day become like you (I'm 15 years old and in year 10)
How the hell do you just get a meeting with Bill Gates
i thought  you will drink only  dirty water but in the end of video you earn respect brother ..LOVE FROM INDIA
Mommy the cash... XD
Did he drink it?...
how do you become one of the kiddos
Post. More
noo inventionsssss???? oh mannnn
I love things like this with people that benefited greatly from the prosperity of America. Without the prosperity of post WW2 Bill gates and others of his time would not have been able to have the education, resources, etc to achieve what they have. Now to have Bill and his wife use that wealth as an amazing force for good all over the world. As a veteran and a first responder I have seen the terrible conditions a poor family can go through thank you for taking your education, resources, etc and also using them to highlight the good that the world can offer. We all should spend more time seeing the good in the world instead of always having to deal with the bad. Love your videos and the value you bring to each one.
Mark you are a legend!!
Me at beginning of vid: wait you only make 12 vids a year
Thank you for creating and sharing this video with us.
i feel like whatever video i watch next is going to let this one down now
Could have viewed this much much easier without Jackass Gates.
Saddest part is these people wouldn't need any help if their governments weren't so corrupt...
I wish we were teaching them to fish, but we're definitely just giving most of them money.
"My battery is low and it is getting dark
First thing came in my mind? Mark Rober"
Sign, this makes it harder to be angry at P&G itself for the Gillette commercial debacle. I'm still never going to buy another Gillette razor again, but I guess I should support P&G itself.
"R.I.P. Monetization...
(You have shown a dead animal...)

Watch out for PETA.."
I wish you posted more
Oh No! Only 11 videos left this year!
If we get billions of tons of the powder and dumped it in a major river in a poor country, would it purify the entire river?
INDIA WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION
8:26 plague inc
Obama buys five guys
Bill gates wants sony products?! Does that mean we can have cross play now..?
Wow thats amazing. i hope we can buy that powder where i am here in the philippines. pls make it available commercially everywhere.
Is it safe to drink water with chlorine?
"4:51 I live in Brazil, specifically in Sao Paulo (one of the most developed cities) and i can affirm that we never had anything wrong with our water since i can remember  '-'

Great video by the way."
2:40 That ain't clean water mate...
9:22 in the back ground theres a squirrel then he zooms in and when he zooms out again theres no squirrel what did you do to the squirrel
What happens to the chlorine after it disinfects?
I'm gonna get sappy here but every time I see a new video from you my day gets even better. You helped inspire me to switch my major to environmental science a while back and it was the best decision I've ever made. Cheers!
Man this dude Mark can speak to anyone it seems like.
LIKE  if you grew up eating what Bill Gates eats!
2:40 not in Flint!!
Hey Mark, the link to Bill's letter is broken, can you please update it?
Isn't it just potash alum with calcium hypochloride in a package
What a coincidence. My Science Investigatory Project title is "Water Spinach Extract as Water Flocculant" and  it actually worked. It's kinda interesting watching the sediments clump together. It just shows that there are alot of solutions waiting to be found
I want to cure or at least help cure a disease in my life
u should change the music in ur videos, gets old for the bingers like me
just casually has Bill Gates as a guest and don't even mention him in the title. BOSS A. F.
I came from how ridiculous
Smartest person was Newton.
You are incredible, and I do not say that lightly. You are changing lives.
What about drinking poop water?
Nice shot buddy, I love your videos.. #IamIndonesian
I thought bill gates was the president died
You are on of the YouTube scientist and here's a challenge for you; can you create a plan or create a device that will reduce traffic or reduce traffic which makes way for ambulances to go faster than ever ?
"Can you create something to save Pewdiepie ?






Please."
That moment when Bill doesn't drink the water.
Wow 11:19 , also great video
may only put out 12 vids a year but its the best damned videos you will see all year
"This is why i love your work Mark, lots of goofy and funny stuff that we can laugh to.
And then you bring this, thank you for making the world a better place."
2:36 girl asks her parents for the money.   :3
Mark hoe do you feel about oppy dying
wow, bill gates!
Oh, so now you're dabbling in politics, In a scientific way... Huh... Well I'll give you that.

Edit: Awsome content as always......."
Can you make a vlog with your family? Atleast once.
WHAT,   ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP
Who would dislike this?! Cmon guys
Can you make something like an Arc Reactor?
Funny I remember we tried to help Vietnam once.
US health isn't even close to #1 in the world. Closer to 35th actually
You need to make more videos please
"If we do a good job on vaccines we can reduce the worlds population" -Bill Gates
Always considered putting this into my emergency reserve. Can never seem to find how long could be stored for and if they have heat or cold restrictions.
No way! I actually saw that invention in a YouTube video! The vid is called 20 inventions that are going to save the world search it up!
Amazing video
Great video, I don't think he drank that, maybe watched you drinking it and then called the guys in white coats on you. :P I gotta say that I didn't know of this Package, now I'm gonna buy those and bring them to my country on my next trip (I don't know when that is going to happen but I'll bring them with me for sure), thanks Mark.
Mark Rober really the type of guy to meet one of the richest men on Earth wearing a backwards hat
8:24 This is from the game Plague Inc.
You got anything to say about Opportunity?
What about the high zinc and  metal particles that are left? They will affect you're bones.
Drain the swamp.
this is all well and good but dfid you talk about billgates secret eugenics plan
"what I learned,

1: Cool man make water no dirty
2: Bill Gates loves pizza rolls"
"...where their brains can benefit the world AGAIN?" are they not working now?
Host a meme review with Bill Gates.
I like how you have colt 45 ply at like 1:22
For some reason I was thinking wait what if we run out of water. Then I realized
but HIV and AIDS were not the same thing? 3:20
2:31 omg cringe
"I want to find all the people who disliked this video and kill them.
Awesome video mark!, Interesting and very informative"
I love this channel, it makes me view the world very differently and have much more empathy for poor countries.
8:28 Plague Inc.
What Camera do you use? Sony or Canon?
You misspoke when introducing Bill. He's the second richest now.
The dislikes are by those who rip people off by selling overpriced "mineral" water
I love how Bill Gates dresses like Mr. Rogers
4:12 Americans: alright then keep your secrets
im interested in how he contacted bill
Delicious
Where can i buy this powder ?
This man actually got bill gates in his video
I love it how he played plagae Inc to show how deseses spread
I wish my refrigerator looked like the one Bill Gates has.
Great work Mark for spreading the information to the world. It's indeed very important invention people need to know.
Now we just need to make possible drinking water from salt water, then we never have to worry about drinking water ever again or water in general.
"""Alright, where's my 20 bucks ready?""
"" mommy """
06:20
"Wow so amazing you were with one of the most obscure technology revolutioner. Bill gates.its just wow you actually know him
I pretty sure he owned softmicro"
Man great video plus you just meet Bill gates while wearing a backwards snapback and ate pizza rolls I love it. Keep up the amazing work!
What is the stuff that is left over?
Are we all ignoring the fact that he used a plague inc clip to explain science
6:27 I go to that one
amazing video
I feel bad for you man....only about half a million views in less than a day.  UP your game dude!  (You're killing it Mark)  Good stuff!
Interesting and positive video! I really enjoyed it!
what if they drop a hell lot of that in a dirty river
You are honestly THE guy (on video, may be a jerk in real life lol), that I wish I was for my kids. Our little guy would love a moment of learning with you, my daughter who is nearing 2, I desperately hope is as curious. Thanks for being a good person, who, even though I don't have the same ability as, I can finally say is a good role model. We love learning and moreso seeing your commitment to what is really important.
Did anyone see the studio c sticker in the back of the door
watching bill gates made me jealous using my Mac book
Really great video.
This is great
"Type F for the poor possum...





R.I.P

Shrek wants to know your location
"Why a video like this not in Trending Page?
I'd rather see this everyday rather than drama or sexualized music video.

Awesome video Mark!!"
At 8:24 it a game
Love that he included a clip from plague.inc
You are a legend. Thanks <3
Its so amazing how thr richest person in Earth(Bill Gates)  Is still so humble, you dont really see that nowadays... : (
8:24 dude I cannot figure out how to beat Plague Inc. can someone help?
Your song sounds alot like Colt 45...
8:25 Love Plague Inc.
So did he drink?
You preach mark you praech
What about Stephen Hawking
"Why are there homeless people? Why don't they just buy homes??

HOMELESS RATE DROPS TO 0%"
Aaaaaaaa Bill gates
Great video as always, thanks for what you do Mark!
"People drink contaminated water? Why don't they just clean it with water?
CONTAMINATED WATER-RELATED DEATHS DROPS TO 0"
Awesome news! Great video! How can we purchase this for ourselves so we can have safe drinking water in USA? In a survival situation.
good stuff
"smacks lips

NASA already know your location
you didn't even put talking to bill gate into the title wtf?
Do something about glass
"From a DIY costume in 2011, to partnering with Bill Gates in 2019
Well done Mark"
2:35 LOL
8:27 plague inc!
how much did you pay bill gates
How do you feel about the crashed Opportunity rover that you helped on?
INSTA--LIKED!
please make more than 12 vids a year
Does Mark Rober think that Bill Gates is related to Nintendo??
Please upload more videos
I learnt so much from your videos
I LOVE YOU BILL GATES
I love your videos and I love the idea you spread through your vids
Amazing!
sees kurtis baute
I can't think of how some people actually disliked this video.
Cutie
BTW CONGRATS ON 6 MIL!
I just want Bill Gates' fridge.
you are my idol #love your vids
This should go to Flint
Nice Plague Inc. usage....
I love that he didn't market the video by putting Bill Gates on the title. Still watched it.
And I'm one of the ones that look forward to seeing those 12 vids a year,thank you
But will that magical powder get pee out of my pool
God damnit ya made a water boy joke in front of the children.
2 legends in 1 room
4:51 If he used it in the United States shouldn't the United States be colored in too?
I have a lot of respect for Mr. Gates, most wouldn't conduct themselves w/ his demeanor.
Man I'd drink that water straight up yuuuuuummmmmmm meeeee
Nice! I did my science fair project on those little packets
"Did mark just say HIV and aids 
Because those are the same 3:15"
The world created humans there for humans cannot save the world
"It's in our interest to help nations that are democratic and support freedom and good will.

China is excluded.  Take them back the the stone age."
I get Bill Gates in a random video just because I'm subscribed to this channel lol
"MARK ROBER!!!!  (415) REPRESENT!!!  LONG TIME FAN AND FELLOW SCIENTIST!  I THINK IVE COMMENTED ONCE BEFORE: I just wanted to relay to you:  I absolutely LOVE all your content, I share it with my friends, and they love it too!  PLEASE NEVER STOP!!!!!  Oh and my mother thinks you're ""really super-uber cute""  her words, lol. 

ANYWAYYYYYY.... YOU ROCK BRO!!!!!  MARIN/ SF COUNTY REPRESENT!!!!"
This is a good idea and I like the idea of selling at a loss so others can benefit
you litrally bought bill gates
I wonder if they are sending packets to Flint Michigan as I believe their water supply is still contaminated?
Wow, this guy is all about what we should do with money that's not yours. Dont do that,  it's not nice.
Your message made me cry. Thank you for inspiring people to make the word a better place.
i am indonesian
Rename the video Bill gates eats normal people food
Too bad it's Proctor & Gamble.
Mark Rober is literally friends with everyone
Mark you should watch Nas Daily cuz he found a guy that can clean a dirty lake
Philipines
Just love your guts.
Awesome video
Except this planet does not really need more people so helping people to destroy our climate faster. Good job
Make more videos
8:29 - PlAgUe InC.
wait didnt someone else does this way way earlier like 2 months ago
can you help me
So mark what about the rover on mars
2:32 is a water boy reference
what a brilliant invention
8:24 who else remembers that game ??
10:22 this kinda made me cry in the inside
Lets make this the most liked video on youtube!!
U are the best I wish u would post more I love all the science stuff u teach in your videos it is really inspiring for me and probably for a lot of other people too. I just want to say thank you
(SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE!!!!!)"
It's happy to see there is always someone somewhere who crusades for the betterment of the world by using science and engineering.. long live altruism and altruists... Long live Science....
"I wanted to save this video so i could watch it later but i couldn't 
Edit: I just love all his videos"
I would love to see someone who firmly believe in homeopathy drink that kind of water...
what a fantastic 11 minutes. I enjoyed every minute of it. thank you for doing this, really. I loved the "selfish" reasons to support poor countries, for people that aren't inclined by nature to do so. It certainly is something I will use in future conversations.
Hey mark how do we these sachets for a first aid / survival kit ?
Filter and boil
I don't think Mark knows this, bit there's a cure for HIV. If you go to your doctor within I believe the first 2 weeks, you can get an antibiotic to cure yourself. Hopefully in the future this can be strengthened to the point where it can be taken right before the AIDS stage.
8:24 plague inc. fans here!!!
Where's my money........ Mommy.....best line
combine this with lifestraw and you're gucci
"20 bucks
ok
*dies*"
Race and iq
Best youtube channel ever, BILL GATES on the video and you only discover that watching the video
You outdid yourself Bill gates and magic powder wow
did bill gates just say that sony was good, what the frick. sony bad, billy gates goood.
Is that purifying powder on sale? I want to buy bunch of them!
Coconut Bai bottle without the wrapper
What a load of crap!  You should stick to making giant squirt guns for 7 year olds.
Does it clean salt water?
That's offensive i can only drink that water.
This dude ate Pizza Rolls with Bill Gates.
This is one of the best videos i have ever seen... You had a wonderful motive.. i watched all of ur videos but this one is really special...
Woohoo! You're back with another vid! Show us your nasa work for the next video please!?
5:51 richest is Jeff Bezos but with the divorce.. that's a 50% drop to 2nd place so you're probably right :P
Huh, you do only make 12 a year... weird, never noticed that.
bill gates is the man
But he never drank the water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yay a clip from pleague.inc
"The coconut flavor is my favorite, too. Nice bottles!
In all seriousness, thank you for this video. Our family has worked with and been helped directly by Bill Gates and the foundation he and his wife started. He really is a good man, the family he comes from is very kind and loves to help for the sake of bettering humanity. They rarely advertise or boost about what they do and they have a real passion for it.
Thanks Mark for shedding light on this point of view, helping others so we can all benefit."
Good Stuff Mark!
What a load of crap!
Thanks Bill Gates from Indonesia
"My thought of Smartest person: Nichola Tesla
Is it weird I have never heard Bill Gates talk... and I'm 38... hmmm strange."
"8:24 is plague inc.. if u wanna try that game... Hehe





Subs to pewdiepie"
Help the developing nations now and they will definitely help you when you need it in the future.
But the question everyone wants to know the answer to is, Did he drink the water??
By PNG ok
If you want to change the world, learn a language, get a job, travel, and be kind to everyone, everywhere you go. Also donate what you can. You will unite the world, one friendship at a time. If enough people do this, borders won't matter, walls will be meaningless, and wars will be ended before they can even start.
Rip 20 Bucks
This right here is why I subscribed to your channel....that and all the awesome things you make
Caught me off guard when you actually met bill gates
This is amazing. Very heartwarming to hear people in developing countries have packets like these.
Guys, these are the videos that we should be liking, watching, and sharing.
Not drinkable clear or clean. Microorganisms
Rip Mars Rover I'm surprised he didn't mention it
Inspiring
Why were there so many references to Nintendo when Bill Gates made Windows and Microsoft?
Is that just alum( KAl(SO4)2) with chlorine. Here in India it is used in most of the rural households and is known as phitkari
06:22 you are welcome...
Genuinely the best channel on the entire site.
I love the message your carrying in this video. But the one thing your not realizing or getting correct is. The USA  a.k.a 1st world rich country is not just in a trillion dollar deficit (we owe other countries trillions of dollars) but our rich government could give to craps less about the poverty struck average person. Infact if your white and average with no HS diploma and are in poverty. You literally no help from our government. Freak I'm in my early 30's have back issues, mental illness, and are struggling almost under poverty lvl trying to help take care of my elderly mother. An neither of us can get government help. So my conclusion is you don't know jack about our country. Next time before posting a video like this do your research.
Hey Mark, I have a question. How exactly does the coagulant stay at a positive charge instead of neutralizing overtime?
Moved me to tears, man. As a humanist, I have the utmost respect for endeavors such as this, and for people like Bill. Not to mention for you, for making this video, and raising awareness about these things.
12 videos a year and 6 mil subs
sorry sweetie but as someone who's lived there, there's nothing untapped.
I was gonna watch gaming vids, but the Nintendo stuff was cool
Not enough pizza rolls
You might only make 12 videos per year, but i feel like i get a years worth of knowledge per video.
Forget infinity war, Mark Rober and Bill Gates for the biggest crossover
P&G... You have one exception here with this.
Mark you are just insanely inspiring
PROLETER!
This is another reason Bill Gates impresses (apart from his technical and business acumen). He is actively trying to do some good.
Is it a good idea to dislike your own comment?
If I use sea water will it give me drinkable soft water???
Well, im from Indonesia....
Nice video, love how you got Bill Gates in it.
dump it in the ocean duh
I'm Vietnamese and when Bill Gates mentioned Japan rebuilding as a think tank after WWII, it made me realize the same is going on with Vietnam RIGHT now! Vietnam has grown exponentially in economy, in the tech field, and overall way of life. Because America decided to open trades with them for the better of the nation. I believe that developing nations will soon follow suit, and that in turn, will make this planet for our children better than how we remember it.
You are who I aspire to be
Hi bill... how are you doing, is Microsoft still booming? It is? Ok
hey apparently "Wait 20 minutes before drinking the water" is a part of the instructions as well as filtering it in the fundraising toolkit.
This video is incredibly inspiring
This is nothing new. They just put it in a convenient package.  We do this on an industrial scale. Not really impressed. Haven't you ever been to a water Treatment plant? It was part of my school education system before the Bush Jr. Administration screwed up the education system.
Really nice video Mark..I would say this video just sums up that companies are making the world a better place...
So how's Microsoft on the switch so far
I need confirmation, did you get the $20?
It's good for multinational corporations because once a poor country becomes semi developed they can move the means of production/jobs away from the rich countries to the developing ones and pay the workers a tiny fraction of what they were paying it's workers in the rich countries, leaving the workers in the rich countries little choice but to work in Walmart and Starbucks. Pre automation it wasn't an issue as a person could move skilled and semi skilled jobs but those jobs are becoming fewer and fewer all the time. Yes bring the poor countries up, but it shouldn't be at  detriment to the people who just so happened to be born in a "rich" country! It's said and is true that Communism benefits the few, but today's and the futures corporate crony capitalism/globalism does the same thing, both models will end up with everyone being equally poor apart from the top 1%!   We need to move away from both models
Those kids are living my dream
But will the powder work on less cloudy water?
When he said nintendo i thought bill gates would slap him because xbox
What a great video!
5:52 you mean 2nd richest
Liked tb. Video for Mario style teleportation :)
BILL GATES
Very inspired! Now I want to do something good for others! Thanks, man!
So whait, you are still drinking clorine with the water?
Opinion on the Mars rover Mark
Genuinely happy to keep seeing such posative videos, man, keep it up. Just watched Idols on BBC, and they named Alan Turing the best most influential person of the twentieth century, and moving forward, its going to be scientists and and thinkers that propel us forward. I'm going back to school for a doctorate in Neurobiology then wanna dip and goto Mars, and no bullshit man, its people like you, who believe in other people that is so amazing. Thanks for your work
Thanks From Indonesia!!
The most intelligent person in the history of the world couldn't figure out how to leave their desperate situation? I doubt it.
Omg, he used music from Proleter
Only 12 videos a year?!?
"Dude
Bill Gates is the richiest man alive and uses a simple and normal outfit
amazing"
This is insane
@2:45 Yes, drinking water from the tap is just so easy. All you have to have, is having a stable government that's not too corrupt, free trade, private property, law and order to fund technological advancement and the sciences, and keep that running for 200+ years, no coup d'etat or other BS during that time, and voila, just like that clean drinking water comes from the tap. It's like it fell from the sky.
E = mc(2)
Didn't see Bill Gates comin'
"What FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY a$$#@!%s thumbed down this?! They need to drink the untreated water!!
I absolutely agree with everything you said, and I'm happy to know a product like this exists. Thank you, and thank you Proctor & Gamble!!"
I thought it was gonna say 'to save Pewdiepie'. Still cool!
Wow
8:30 = plague inc. ?
at 5:48 you said bill gates the richest person alive when hes the second richest person alive
8:24 you used plauge.ink
bill gates and plague inc 10/10
"The packet has 




Alteration 100"
Incredibly awesome dude. That could definitely help save the world and I sincerely hope it does.
crazy how he got to meet Bill Gates but love the idea of these packets making a huge impact in our world helping people all over the world get clean drinking water.
you are amazing how do I work for you? serious inquiry that will be met with a not-so-serious answer and i'm still cool with that
Who else is still playing plague inc thinking people like Mark Rober are the reason I can't infect Greenland
Upload more mark please please please please please please like if u agree.
RIP oppratunity
Uhhhhh theres dislikes on this video whhhyyyy?
"6:05 Bill is like ""wtf did this peasant just make for me""
*courteously slides plate to the side"
Cool
But did you get to get Bill Gates to drink the swamp water??
Wait, That packet is plastic!
See u in 2 months
2:10 glitch
as this works perfectly to clean the water to have safe drinking water it will not work for a lake because all the top layer is clean and good but the bottom is not that will lead to a bad lake for eco life this what happens with hobours  or docks they put things in to make it look super clean it is but you have all the junk at the bottom
"Man who should invite to my show




second richest man in the world"
I don't understand how anyone can dislike this video; there's fascinating science, an incredible message, and Bill freaking Gates. Love all your stuff Mark <3
Mark deserves a Netflix show
Good call. hopefully someone answers it
What if they put it in a dirty lake
Wait that packet is plastic!
Share your videos with Trump
8:05 no one is gonna mention the skill the lady walking by possess.
you just exposed those kids to multiple types of diseases in that dirty water, they weren't wearing gloves, you could have got them really sick
Great video, very inspiring, thanks so much for the effort. So many people are opposed to foreign aid, and this sums up why it is so important.
Nice!
Does it stay clean or does the dirt slowly float up and contaminate it again?
Liked before watching the actual video because Mark Rober is awesome
I have the same microwave as Bill Gates.
Its an amazing thing that you do
tardigrades can live months without water
God cant do the work you do
I do goal 6
Yo dat bill gates
Dat Plague Inc. clip at 8:24 tho.
This makes me happy
8:10 Ford truck and 5.11 Hat.  You can call me selfish but I think the CIA has given them enough aid.
Make more videos
God! I love Bill.
Take kids where needles and crackpipes could be. Nice.
Fantastic video





Coagulations!"
"Mark Rober
Mark Robe
Mark Rob
Mark Ro
Mark R
Mark 
Mar
Mars
Mars R
Mars Ro
Mars Rov
Mars Rove
Mars Rover"
All wearing designer wellies, fancy that.
"where's my twenty bucks?" "mommy?" hahaha xD
Should I call CPS now or later?
Im tryna bye the bags
He met Bill Gates?!
Bill Gates. Eater of pizza rolls
"Can you do more chemistry/physics  videos .
This video also has alot of information about it too"
I cried a little when you explained how the world can be improved with such little gestures. Very nice video! I have already seen this product working in videos before, but I thought it was just a dirt cleaning and not also sanitizing. Awesome product!
Good stuff man. Very positive and uplifting.
Yeah no. Not everyone who has YouTube has unlimited tap water.
CAN YOU PLEASE JUST LOOK AT YIUR INSTAGRAM DMS UR THE BESTT
Awww.  No thanks to the game plague?? Haha
casually meets bill gates
This looks like PAM. We use it on pond banks to help sediment settle out of ponds. Minus the disinfectant
I freaking love bill gates
I bet very few people are going to save the world
love these vids
Bringing Bill Gates in there like it's no big deal...
Bill Gates is not who you think he is trust me I've done my research lots of research
Try to put it in a juice will it seperate the juice and the water
Does it work on urine?
Evil capitalists that give the poorest of countries help and aid
Ok, surly this is just the same stuff we use in our own drinking water to seperate small particles by clumping them together and falling to the bottom of the tank. This is stuff we use every day no?    As in in our tap water.
Bill Gates is so fascinating, and a prime example of How to be truly classy imo. You can be rich with all your expensive cars, but I'll always respect someone as generous as Bill Gates is. No one needs to stash and safeguard millions or billions of dollars, especially when other people could have their lives changed with $1000.
your awesome sauce level rose a point....
You are a verry good man Mark
I'm pretty early for a busy person
Flocculant is going on tour with Dirt Magnet. Can't wait.
Thank you for making such a powerful video that makes people change their views of the world in less than 12 minutes.
At some point it's in everyone's best interest to stop enabling to the ridiculous population growth
12 vids
What is Rainey's last name
Why are you so smart
I love this channel so much Mark is an inspiration for so many people love this (and every other) video!!!!
HOW CAN I BUY THIS IN VIETNAM?
Proctor & Gamble are terrible but this is great
What a way to start the year! Feelsgoodman ^_^
Ur a god.
Was he playing an Afro man remix???
I like how you brought bill gates and not make it clickbaity
Baru kali ini saya mendengar suara bilgate
Didn't know he only made 12 videos a year.
Please turn salt water sea to drinkable mineral watet that would be so awesome





That's crazy that you met bill Gates
A water treatment plant that fits in your pocket, neat
Yeeeeeeeees
One minute of bill gates time is almost $10k, and you had him for 2 minutes on video. Too cool.
Omg I live in seattle!
5:52 Isn't Jeff Bezos the richest man on planet earth?
8:24 if it hits madagascar befoer they close their ports humanity is truly doomed
Gates said we need to reduce the population through vaccines...
There was a dead animal in that creek. Is this packet able to 100% disinfect the contaminated water that had dead animals, blood borne pathogens, and bio-contaminants?
I don't want Toyotas or stuff from Japan like plastic crap. Give me something worth it..
Pls post more frequently
This man gives me Richard Feynman vibes. The way he treats science is similar to Feynman.
5 hours ago
i love watching your content while eating food, just wanted to share that
i l o v e   d i c k s
nice job on vid
Did he drink? Mark! I have to know! Did he drink it!?
"inspiring and worthy to watch.

humanity is not that bad huh.."
Bruh your nieces are so cute
His plague was on the game plague inc . Evolved
Bill gates is my hero
Viet nam !!!!!!!
Best video ever.
They need to include these in MRE packs and Humanitarian food packs so that way people who don't have access to bottle water that need it for the MRE or just for drinking can have access to clean water.
Made by the parent company of Gillette? No thanks.
I love how plague inc is used in this video
I love this video
Make a video about paper airplanes
Life straws are good to
Any Ill effects of drinking chlorine and could this get lead out of water?
You actually got bill gates here? Wow! Also nice job helping the world be a better place.
good video Mark, I liked the glitter one
I wanted to help the earth, and wanted to buy this but I found out that it costs so much..
3:38 gottem
Bill gates just sold out saying to buy Microsoft software
Does he have a job or is YouTube the only thing he does
How the heck did you get Bill to interview?
This video is great please share with anybody you know and spread awareness
Was that plague inc 8:29
Great video! To be fair I would rather shake Mark Rober's hand than Bill Gates..
I just love science
"All that floculation talk probably going to get this video de-monitized. Haha. 

Awesome video man."
We might really change the world for the better. If we have more people like these two.
Looks like someone didn't shook the water well enough (or something), and still wanted to drink it...
Why do you keep doing child slavery?
riddle me this do VIRUSES need water?
Such a great show I am so glad I found this. Inspiring.
It looks like everyone just interviewing Bill Gates right now, not that I'm complaining
I didn't think you could top your Glitter Bomb Trap video but this was pretty dope. Good on you!
"Can't explain how much I'm fan of Mark.




Really can't"
Why dont they just dump thousands of packs of that stuff in lakes, oceans,ect
He is not the richest person on earth
Thank you for making the video.
We love you, Bill!
Where do you get the magic powder?
You do some good stuff. We just need more than 12 episodes a year.
rip your rover bud
Omg, this video was one of his best ones ever
Amazing!
I use these same water purification packets when I go camping and they work amazingly well. I drink from a river that is made by a spring so it's fairly clean to begin with but who knows what's upstream. Never had to boil water with these packets.
Great video. Inspiring
i wouldn't be surprised if your nickname in the neighborhood was "uncle Awesome"
I love these humanitarian videos.
"wow 




Edit: also R.I.P The Opportunity/Oppy Rover"
Ebola 2.0 is coming...
This video is so wholesome.  Good stuff dude!
Your next video should point out the 125,000 people killed every day that never get a chance to live outside the womb, much less, a chance to be one of the 'smart' people that contribute to science.
Like he went to go talk to the richest guy on the planet
Nintendo and Microsoft. #xtendo
2:35 that girl be like: "Mom! come here and pay this pleb"
Are the packets made of paper or biodegradable?
I'm so impressed.  I'm also wondering how bad the chlorine taste is.  Chlorine is easily removed with cheap commercial filters too.
yo where can I buy that awesome NASA T-Shirt?
NOOOOOO!!! The real question is that does it kill amebas?
If we wanna help those nations, first we need to drastically slow down the production of guns, so they won't buy them to kill each other.
Wanted to see Bill Gates drink the water. Other than that huge disappointment, this is an awesome video! Very inspiring.
You are a great example of a brilliant human using this platform to better humanity! Bravo my friend!
Nintendo is much older than WW2.
I'd like to think that mark brought a macbook.
Be sure it's not from Shrek's swamp!
he stuck the straw all the way to the bottom and drank the sh*t. what a cringe
people who disliked this video should drink from the other bottle
Ahh nice
Happy 6 mil
That is great!
You should host a science fair for your channel, that would be epic
it's sad we have to have selfish reasons to help other humans
Awesome I love you mark :/
isnt hiv and aids the same thing
who are the 400+ people who downvoted?
This video has been demonentized due to the guns and terrorism
"Although my videos don't show this. They will give you a glimpse of how my mind works, a super small glimpse of what is coming. The ""the most intelligent in the works"" might just be your neighbor.
Look out world."
Your videos can change even the hardest of heads opinions for the better. Thank you!
i doubt it can clean urine.
Can someone tell me why he only makes 12 videos a year?
Shrek has joined the chat
Now I can tell all of my friends that the second richest man in the world likes pizza rolls.
Where's my 20 bucks? - Mark. Girl replies: mommy. XD
Why do the two poorest countries in South America--Paraguay and Bolivia--not have access?
What about evil prime minister Justin Trudeau saying he was going to fresh clean drinking water to our first Nations people and four years later has done absolutely nothing for them !... We could use those packages in Canada!
Imagine doing a video with Bill Gates and not even putting his name in the Title or Thumbnail lol
"Simply ""Wow""




Also Jeff Bezos is the richest man on earth*"
All of your videos literally inspire me to be a better person.
Hey I'm here too
8:24       FRIGGIN' GREENLAND
We should just dump this in the Ganga river
Yeahhh Repping Seattle!!!
What would you click dislike! Monsters
How many people went online and ordered some of these packets even if they dont need them?
Other YouTube channels: "BILL GATES EATS PIZZA ROLES WITH MIRACLE PACKET THAT WILL SAVE THE WORLD'S POOREST - IS THIS THE ANSWER WE'VE BEEN SEARCHING FOR?"
"Well I hate to be the only negative comment but...
there are several premises that are incorrect in this video.
if you understand human intelligence then you will know that it is both nature and nurture that produce geniuses. the exposure to information and the ability to form abstract thoughts and reason and use deduction and adaptation are essential and must be nurtured. if a brain has genetically its best chance at being hyper intelligent but is in an environment in which it must focus purely on survival then the brain does as brains do and begins to specialize. this is why we have fire. 

I'm not saying foreign aid is a bad thing.
I'm not saying clean water is a bad thing.

But it's important to understand that human potential ( not ""human capital"" )  is bound to the environment and the resources that the human has to learn with. and even that ignores the the fact that the ability to absorb information and to what degree that can be retained is genetic.

Smartest person alive or the smartest person to ever have lived is subjective. but what I can say for certain is that that person was not only a gifted with the ability to absorb information and  reason with that information but they were also able to articulate it to others around them. because without the ability to articulate a complex thought and communicated two others that knowledge can't be passed on.

There's probably a severely autistic child out there somewhere in the United States of America, 
[ likely because autism rates are higher in the US]  that has solved questions we haven't even asked about the nature of existence.

However it's unlikely that there is a starving 20 year old in a remote village with clean water but no internet connection and no resources for learning who has solved a big question that we have asked and are still bewildered by.

Sad truth is we will just never know and there's no way to prove any of it. But it makes a nice little story for a video that unknowingly has an agenda."
"The bigger the kids, the more they know how to ""properly"" shake a bottle.
.
.
.
.
.
.
That quotation mark made those sentence little bit creepy."
If you put the powder in salt water would it make the water go to the bottom?
I have learned something new as well as enjoying the Bill Gates cameo!
Bill Gates <3
another great video!  thank you for all of your hard work.
I live in Seattle and I keep missing you do you have social media
2:34 He cut that part out because he actually took the $20. Smh
"Did I see P&G on the package? 
Pity, probably only available for  women as P&G/gillette hates men!"
"We should all be so lucky to live lives where we can save and lift up others. Thanks for sharing, Mark.

@Bill Gates, #youdabest. Thanks for being such a good guy."
was that.. plague inc? 8:24
But what if the water is salty?
Mark Rober you make my day and the next when you release a new video. Thank you.
My dream is to talk to Bill....
8:51 they forgot henti
"Private, targeted aid that actually names and achieves a goal is good for 3rd world countries.  Government level aid is not.

Government aid is usually targeted at failing or warring states and only provided for as long as their crisis is ongoing.  Therefore it promotes that type of behavior.  Look no further than North Korea for an example.  They only get foreign aid when they are threatening to invade South Korea unless the West gives them food for their starving population or if China wants them to shut up and stop making trouble so they can negotiate with the U.S.  Once they stop making threats or if their people become just a little better off, they don't get foreign aid anymore.  This incentivises their insane dictator to make more threats and do less to help his people if he wants free stuff perpetuating the cycle.

Moral of the story, government to government aid breeds corruption and does nothing to solve the problem.  People to people aid can actually solve problems and help build a better future."
Finally a video and watching it feel awesome
Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover in his-
YOU ACTUALLY MET BILL GATES!!!!
I hope P&G gave that guy a payrise even if they are selling it at a loss. That sort of innovation deserves reward.
So your saying that ni*BB*a*B*s can become smart when we help them?
that doesn't save the world
Now, we wait...
Its nice you met bill, however, You didn't ask bill to put banjo in smash! Smh.
This man really brought Gates into this.
I don't care how many videos you upload, but each one completely changes my view points. Congrats.
SO THAT IS WHAT YOU WERE DOING IN MY SWAMP
Another great video mark. It's very inspiring to just do the right thing and help a fellow man in need
Bill gates is ruining wa by supporting anti Gunners.
THANK GOODNESS THAT U POSTED
Your videos are so inspirational, and I like it. You're doing the most amazing job on youtube ! please continue, you're becoming the best source of inspiration (if not already ,sorry for my language, french here)
i want to meet bill gates!
You know what they say, Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Give a man a poisoned fish, feed him for the rest of his life.
can you tell him i said windows is better than mac
Can't believe how you got bill gates
"Hey Mark, love your content as always.
Just wanted to point out a book on the topic that I really enjoyed: Factfulness by Hans Rosling. It really changed my mind on developmental economics."
A great video! Keep up the good work!
"What are you doing with my SWARM?"
If we cure everyone from diseases and stuff then overpopulation would become a bigger problem, things are how they are for a reason
It's just a ride. Another Bill (Hicks), said it since the early 90s, it's just a choice between fear and love. https://youtu.be/KgzQuE1pR1w
So awesome that you got to meet bill gates and you changed my mind on lots of things right now.
this is amazing
Neat
Tardigrades (Water Bears) do not need water and are biological and living. They are the exception.
"Love dick's" I heard that the wrong way
How about not invading countries? That would reduce the need for aid as well!
Am I the only one who thought it was funny that the CEO of Microsoft said, "ah, let's not forget about Nintendo."
Are there any charities that focus specifically on this kind of stuff? I would be more than happy to donate to a cause like this.
8:12 just saying those bullets have to come down sometime somewhere.
You are such kindhearted. Keep it up Mark!
But did he drink it
THIS!! Is why I love YouTube! Knowledge is power!
It should also be noted that Gates is one of the people who suggest reducing the world's population as the only viable method of resource maintenance; as the world can't sustain 8 billion first world individuals.
Mark, i love your stuff, bit in this case Linus Torwalds would have been the more genuine participant!
"Mark: we need to clean swamps so people can drink fresh water

SHREK HAS ENTERED THE CHAT
SHREK: so what we talking about
Mark Rober has left the chat"
"Where do I buy this?

I live in the UK and it's not on eBay :/"
very inspiring, thanks mark
Love this so much. But Bill. Flint. PLEASE.
But are you willing to drink the pee pee water
This proves that pew die pie could get bill gates to host meme review
You inspire young kids like us every day
lmao as soon as I saw bill I thought of that picture and then he pulled out the bag
8:24 Dude, is that Plague Inc. Like.... The game.....
Does it filter salt water?
I did not know Bill Gates was so...well...nice. And science was involved in the making of this video. A win-win. This was a great video. Thanks!
"my personal goal, as crazy as it seems, is to say i helped 1 billion dollars go towards charitable causes by 2030. Like this if you support it! lets help the world :D

Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation funded my high school, i loved that place. I look up to his philanthropy.  <3 that place helped define who i am today"
Bill: I love di**s (6:21)
Why cant we throw it in the ocean?
B I L L   G A T E S   L O V E S   D I C K S
Will Bill Gates make this video 10M views
I live in the developing country so thank you so much for pointing it out on how important water is. We all have to depend on bottled water to drink, tap water is not even an option.
You should have said to bill gates to subscribe to pewdiepie
Awesome work Mark, keep up the good work!
lovely
PIzza Rolls!
Very moving! Thank you for what you do Mark!
Is it just me, or does this Phillip guy look like Mr. Bean?
I think it is absolutely ridiculous that we are prioritizing economy. Economy is not how you measure success/progress, clearly, because half of people on earth are struggling, and the majority is just unhappy. Interestingly enough, one of the main reasons that these "developing countries" are "developing" is because of something called compound interest. Basically these poor countries are still paying us rich countries money from loans that happened many years ago. Most of these interests have been paid back many times over, but because of the compound aspect, they are still greatly in debt. So its no wonder these countries have been developing for quite some time now, because they are in a constantly replenishing debt. Props to you for making this video. You should do a PSA on compound interest to show how rigged global economics is.
The reason i like mark is because he doesn't exaggerate the title and he is a good person for real i mean the guy meant bill gates and didnt even put him in the title
Inspired!!!!!
Im from indonesia and 10 cent is about 1.500 RP
"were those super mario world bonus room sound effects at 4:04? :)
5:30 edit: they totally were :D"
I love that you used the map from the plague app, such a good game.
does this desalinate sea water also?
P&G owns Gillette & Gillette made that ad
I think helping third world countries and developing a model for education where anyone can be free to studying anything they want without  pressure will bring about lots of innovation.
Where can one purchase these and more importantly how does one go about donating to the idea as a whole?
World will be fine
I thought to save pewdiepie
lost it at "mommy"
Ever just have a 12 minute long video change your entire view on something? Cuz I just did.
8:25 HOORAY FOR PLAGUE INC
"magnesium alumunate?


edit: oh nvm its a different compound"
"We LOVE when you do these videos, Mark. Literally tearing up over here!

Keep getting the word out there, Mark."
these videos open up my mind a little more each time. i had no idea this even existed, and i hope it becomes readily available to any country or persons that need it. thank you, i feel honored to have been given this knowledge.
Im indonesian
Not sure how safe it was to have the kids near the dead rat water
Nice job on six million subscribes you really deserve it
Lol clean water I need to pay for that
"This is your iq.                                       

P.S. That speech at the end about helping developing nation's equating to tapping into more brain power is very important for us to take to heart. More people living healthy and comfortably means more opportunities for those who otherwise wouldn't have any band more people able to change the human condition for the better.

Thanks, Mark, for bringing interesting content that can entertain while also keeping us aware of the efforts being made to better the planet."
god bless this man
I love how you dedicated your video to make the world a better place
Has bill gates in video doesn't put in thumbnail. Respect ++
"06:22 - ""Love Dick's""
- ""I know you love... uh...""
Maybe I'm immature, but i actually burst out laughing"
4 hour late? now my sin will never be forgiven, not unless u wash myself in  holly swamp water
Beautiful!!
7:32 - The corollary, "Build a man a fire, he'll be warm for a few hours. Light a man on fire, he'll be warm for the rest of his life."
Two things. Where can I buy some of those packets? And does it work on saltwater?
"I sat watching this video eating Chinese food. Regular guy who lives a regular life. I couldn't be happier that I watched this! What a great explanation this shows how developing countries and foreign aid arnt the enemy... 

They are the ally!"
You actually got bill gates here?! Damn you have connections
Packed in plastic.....
Drinks led to make the world better
Nope
F for the super dead possum
Thank u for making this video
IRL You dont teach the man to fish, you dont give the man a fish, you let the man starve, and take his lake.
Well said, Mark.
Man, if YouTube was filled with channels that promote the betterment and unification of humanity like this... our world would be so much better off.
He just talks to the richest man on earth like normal lol
Need this when camping out
Reply please mark rober
imagine pouring that on the ocean when the plastics dissolve to small particles.
bill gates is sponsoring and appearing in many videos recently and I love it, he is an amazing person
Mark Rober is so awesome, and this video confirms it! :D
but did you guys drink the water?
5:22 "I want to speak with someone in the technology sector..." I knew instantly who it was going to be.  Good on you for this video, good on him for doing this video. He may be rich and a cutthroat business asshole, but he sure as hell is doing good with his money. (Unlike some other billionaires...)
"HIV, Aids, and Malaria combined" Isnt Aids just the final stage of HIV?
Hey Mark, this my be an uneducated question but why dont these poor countries boil water or collect steam from boiled water? there are reasons like it doesnt get out all the dirt but you can run the water through cloth, they dont want to be cut down down trees but you can use branches and dead trees. there are a couple of other reasons and i still think the purifying powder is a great idea, but im still wondering why it seems rare for these counties to just boil their water or collect steam to even make it a little cleaner. again ive only done small amounts of research but its something im wondering.
Any other YouTuber would've included Bill Gates in the thumbnail and title.... Mark you are an incredible human.
Bill Gate is legaldarily awesome!
A supplementary watch to this video would be Kurzgesagt's video on altruism where we get to learn that the world has moved from being a "zero sum" system to one where it is now a "positive sum" system and it makes all the sense to help others!
CIA/Mossad and zionists create radical ideologies and terrorism, not being in third world.
HE should of told Bill Gates to fix minecraft XD
"""I didn't tell them what they would be doing"" 
The kids are wearing long boots."
So it does a lot, but how does it impact heavy metal (like lead)?
Rip Mars opportunity rover 2003 - 2019
Nice good  for poor
Mark is the only man in the world able to feed bill frickin gates frozen pizza rolls
Mark, you are a legend man!
mark rober always producing amazing content! well done with this video!
Xbox 4 life
Thoughts on the mars rover dying?
mark whats the crazest thing you think you did....... mark-i cooked pizza rolls in bill gates kitchen.
And thats why you are the best yt channel I have seen
This was sooooo entertaining and when you said you were going to meet Bill Gates I was like no way you could and he comes in the room
Good video
I'm in awe, mate. GOOD JOB!
I love these videos. Science is fun, but shining a light on these amazing applications is uplifting. Thank you for sharing.
Nice prolete r background music
Who disliked this video?????
Good video
If you can help people, and especially if it might be a small thing for you to help, but a huge thing for them to receive help, why wouldn't you? Imagine how many times you've wasted $10 without a thought in your life. $10 to you might be some Starbucks, or a month of Spotify. It has a value but it's not going to change your world. Now imagine you run out of gas in front of a gas station, which is lucky. But as you go to get your wallet you realize you left it at Starbucks along with your phone. You only need a few dollars gas in order to either get your wallet, or make it home. But what if nobody will lend it? $10 would suddenly matter a lot more to you now. Knowing how valuable that help could be, wouldn't you rather help someone else in that situation instead of having another latte? It means little to you, but so much to them.
I love everything about these videos.. The positivity, the interesting science aspects, the entertainment and humor, I even love the "consider subscribing"
Yeah um I don't want to get hurt from diseased and infected terrorists. I guess we should help them? No we need better border security
Would this be able to clean palluted lakes large bodies of water? Like through water changes or something of the sort?
Both these men are actual legends
:D
inspirational
wow great video mark!
two of my greatest role models!
love your vids (:
Mr Plinkett!
1:06 rip rat
Bill Gates wants to know your location
Somomeone needs to deck out Bill with some louis and Supreme
Bill Gates is the second richest man in the world next to Jeff Bezos
Sickkkkkk
Amezing!!!
This is so cool! Thank you so much for posting this.
"Roses are red
I say hi 
Make sure you sub to pewdiepie"
Incredible video and message
Love ur vides but can u make 2 vids a month
Hey, I like your videos but why did you take these kids there. A nasty pond with dead animals under a bridge and you don't even give them gloves. What if they had grabbed into a use syringe? Please pay more attention to safety when you are filming with kids.
Wait, any biological living object needs water... anime to?
this inspired me to make a change in the world
this needs more views
I wonder how the 317 people that disliked this video is thinking. Oh hey heres a informational video that teaches the value of life and how the strong should help the week. Also theres a powder that would help save thousands of peoples lives and solve the shortage of clean water for the people that need it... lets DISLIKE it.
You can tell that Mark is a good person and quality YouTuber because he had Bill Gates in his video, and didn't even put him in the thumbnail or title. Didn't try clickbaiting it at all, even though he easily could have.
"I can purify water just by staring at it

All of the contaminants just flee in terror"
Oh mah god i cried
"2:34 
I'm flippin dead"
Seeing plague inc gave me nostalgic
I love that you are bringing awareness to actual real world problems when the rest are complaining about first world problem like their iPhone being ever so slightly slowed down after a year.
Well, all you need to do at 8:24 is close the port in Greenland, and continue research there until the disease gains the Water I and animal spread.
5:52 take that Bezos!
How do you don't have like, 20 Million subs, I think it's only because science is kinda non interesting to some peeps :(
8:27 i see u using a clip from the game Plague Inc lmao
Kinda clickbaity but ok
What about over population
Not the richest man in the world
According to Obama, their good is our good because bad things "spill over."
There's bill gate
8:24 I was just playing plague inc before this lol
You actually got Bill Gates on video?
Sawyer has been making backpacking and industrial filters to clean water even better than simply making the dissolved solids sink.  You still have to worry about bacteria using the powder.   www.sawyer.com
You got bill gates and didn't put it in the title or thumbnail? I love you man.
Lol plague inc
12 vids a year 6 mil subs.. ez
Mark you all my favorite youtube and role model. gotta love curiosity!
He is a good man. He could have click baited us with Bill Gates pic in the thumbnail. But he didn't..
Because earth is for ''humans'' not a a particular group of humans...sounds a little dreamy?...a little flimsy? campy? Hippy?...well, thinking that countries ''own'' their land is even more so.
Hey sorry but this is not great it is amazing
This man gave HOT POCKETS TO BILL GATES!
So humble for an extremely wealthy guy
Amy?: mommy
Lol so funny"
These videos never fail to amaze me
You deserve a novel prize for your efforts in this.
"All I could think about is that scene from platoon or forest gump? 
Does it kill parasites?
I remember Bill Gates had an invention that would turn fecal matter into drinking water
Dude mark u r a great person
"5:58 what the hell?

BILL GATES HAS ENTERED THE ROOM"
"This is probably my favorite YT channel, educational cool and not clickbaity.
I mean he had bill gates in the video and didn't put it in the title at all"
Bill Gates is actually the 2nd richest person. Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, is number 1
5:50 ? I thought this was about Bill gates and not Jeff Bezos
Bill gates..of course.. just a everyday thing...
To be honest you could of spent a little more time making it but if you from Dubai do this and you might save 1000s of lives
Clever guy
Hey Mark. 5 minutes of research found out the Japanese company in 2012 that came up with this and not Pricktor & Gout. You say you only do a few videos a year and put plenty of time into choosing and researching your next choice. Pah! I did your work for you. Read up. https://bdnews24.com/business/2012/12/12/easy-japanese-tech-to-purify-water
Yay new video
Stealing a bit of the shell in the pit music there.... great call :D
Please use those packets in the Ohio river
could this take oil out of water too?
But isn't chlorine bad for you?
Why does this man only upload ones a month
This is truly inspirational and I hope, regardless your political standpoint is, you take this to heart and help a person out.
This guy really met bill gates
Doesnit work with salt water?
"mommy" hahahahaha so adorable
Your not teaching the countries to fish.... Your just giving them fish. You used the metaphor wrong. All we are doing is enabling corruption and power seeking because nobody cares what their leaders are doing so long as the US is giving everyone clean water forever.
Reminds me of that kurzgesagts video on selfish altruism. Great vid anyway !
Does it taste super chlorinated though?  Still better than dying if it does, but I hope it is palatable, otherwise people wont be as likely to use it, especially if their water doesn't look as bad as the test stuff from the video.
AMazING VIDeO
What happens to the left over dirt left from the water? Do the chemicals in the packet effect the quality of the dirt and is it safe for dumping?
"So what did you do this week Mark?" "..Oh, I ate pizza rolls with Bill Gates"
Srsly, how can you dislike this video?
02:25
"Amazing product and video!
- We are one species, living on a tiny rock floating in a huge universe, we all need to help out each other as much as possible, for the best chance of surviving! We need to take care of each other and work as a unit, what benefits your neighbour will benefit you in the long term aswell. I hope this product will have a big impact on countries without access to clean water!"
dang
Plague inc lol
This is truly one of the most inspiring and amazing videos I have ever watched in my life. Thank you Mark for not only making a difference yourself, but most importantly inspiring countless people around the world young and old to make their own difference. This video is truly, a gift to the world.
you had pizza rolls with Bill God Damn Gates
WTF its Bill Gates on the video, lol
Wait 99.99% is clean but what about the other 0.1%
Plz do biggest airsoft gun and a big bb so u can shoot it
Fantastic video. I had no idea this stuff existed, and it's pretty awesome.
What do you think about telekinesis? Or even pryokinesis?
You  are awesome man keep up that good work
Just damn
"Now We Drink."
If developing nations are so smart, how come they haven't figured out a way to clean their own water?
How do you know if the opossum was dead, It could've just been playing dead
"Absolutely the right message about foreign aid. Stable world, prosperous world and a safer world. Not to mention it reduces the number of refugees and lowers birth rates. 
Fantastic video! Thanks Mark."
congrats for 6 million subs :)
Congrats on 6m!
I really appreciate your efforts in trying to make the world a better place. As an aspiring engineer myself, I really look up to you. You are a really amazing person.
8:24 plague inc
It would be good if you made 2 vids per month. I really like them!
Congrats on 6mil!
make more videos
Where do I get these from as I am moving to Papua New Guinea in a couple of weeks?
That really cool
It's weird that every video in the end there is always a giant explanation of why this is this and why that is that.Which is really cool.
"I don't have almost limitless water available at the flip of a lever... ... .. 

I have to twist mine... I have RSI because of the effort it takes for me to get a glass of water. First World Problems."
omg I wish I was able to see you
Your idea of the world and smart minds is identical to mine. Thanks for representing it.
Im no scientist but I love your channel.
Congratulations on six million subscribers!
So did he try that water???
Adam sandler reference anyone?
Is he talking about chlorine dioxide? Many swear on it as the best way of destroying diseases and bad bacteria and you even digest which till take out all the toxins out of your body. They also say that the pharmacies declare this as poison and don't want people to get it otherwise they won't be making any money.
Bruh just dump a butt ton into dirty water and once we have all the bad water gone we can focus on the liter in the water.
you dont need food to survive lol
Mark only plays games like Plague Inc.
This is your best video yet. Well done.
What happens if you pour a lot of powder directly into a dirty pond?
I really enjoyed this video If you wouldn't mind answering a question for me . Why not make these in buckets full then place in there water they are retrieving from
Does it actually clean the water? Or separate the mud out?
we need to save pewdiepie to save the world
Einstein ain't got nothin' on Jesus of Nazareth. Instead of all the "selfish" reasons to give the world clean drinking water, Jesus said to love others as I have loved you. John 13:34.
Dump a bunch of this powder in flint michigans water supply
Teaching someone to fish. Last few minutes of this movie are the best
"You know what you have to do... press iittt!!






Now you and all your family are blessed.
P&G needs a publicity stunt after that Gillette ad.
I laughed way too hard at "Super Dead Possum."
I played this video in 144p so the water is very bad quality.
Very good
6:20 oh ok
Great video and totally worthwhile efforts.  Serious question because I don't know:  Except areas where physical access to water is extremely difficult, why have these communities with ample, but unpotable water not developed the rudimentary infrastructure that it takes to ensure a safe supply?  It is neither expensive, nor technically demanding and outside assistance seems fairly abundant (though not always, historically speaking).  What is the common barrier to securing a safe drinking water supply?
: )
Parasites? Bacteria?
can you make another science fair video for higher grades it will really help me alot
Hey guys! Check out this awesome article on artificial photosynthesis, something I feel would be very beneficial to our planet: https://futurism.com/artificial-leaves-convert-co2-fuel/amp/
RIP Oppy
Can I use that to clean a pond
2:38 no I live in Canada in a igloo
5:30 that song is actually made by Joakim Karud
Never take a bet with Mark Rober.
8:25 is a pleaugh inc
"plot twist




Literally give me a shock of inspiration every time you upload a video
OMAH GAH U MET BILL GATES!!
Mars rover has died
why are all your videos so inspiring!
Wow
8:29 I like the use of plague inc.
It is always a pleasure to watch your videos.  Thank you so much for everything you do.
There is still germs that is still there... BLEHHH
This channel makes me happy :D
Wholesome af
Maybe stop putting illogical sanctions over countries who don't agree with everything you say. Maybe start by not getting out of a big international agreement backed by European countries and the security council of the UN, just to make Zionist and some Arabs happy. Maybe don't put pressure on Iranians and let them reach their dreams of having satellites in orbit, being a developed, healthy, and rich country, etc. Just let the world live, that's the only favor we ask the US government to do. We don't expect help from you, just don't do evil to us.
Someone should invent packet for sea water :D
Help! I might have missed something obvious but why all the mentions of Nintendo and Super Mario? I dont understand the relevance especially with Bill Gates.
Where can i find that product?
So....Bill Gates is good man? Ehm...What a trickery is this video?
I truly love this point of view.  I learned something today, thank you!
Thank you for your great content. I hope you will inspire more people to be as positive and encouraging as you are.
Huh... using mobile Plague Inc. as a visual aide... not a bad idea!
I wish you uploaded more
ummmmmmmm bill gates
I'd like to know more about the byproduct created through this process.  Is it safe?  Can it be used for agriculture?  Things like that.
Umm I'm totally not eating pizza rolls as I watch this vid...
How is this not trending?
i like how bill didn't mention playstation because we all know they're enemies xd
In my opinion your stephen hawking son thats my opinion :)
Great stuff :) you can live much longer than 3 weeks without food.  That being said love the channel. Subbed
You should make videos more often
He used plague inc as a simulation for disease...
I love this video and we will work together in the future to make the world a better place
So true. Imagine 1.2 billion extra brains figuring out and engineering new ideas to help the world become a better and safer place. Not only is giving aid for free beneficial but it is also morally rigjt and perhaps may save millions if not billions of lives to come in the future.
Well be drank poop water sooo
Great video! You always teach me something new and inspire me to become like you.
Thank you so much for creating such great content in this era of garbage ad riddled videos.
Amazing video and as always great explanation :)
Hmmmm Bill Gates saying : "love Dick's" (6:22).. Why am I alive. Sorry.
Still not supporting P&G after they Gillette commercial they aired last month.
I think this is the first time I've heard Bill speak.
8:24 Plague Inc.?
MARK ROBER HERE FOR THE AMAZING WATER-CLEANING POWER OF OXY CLEAN!!!!!!
"Me:Bored
Bill gates comes in
Me:still bored"
This video is inspiring and you also feature Bill Gates this time, that was awesome.
I see you with plague inc. 8:23
Now come to Flint to see if that NASA brain can fix the leaded water issue.
"We watched one of your video in STEM class





Our teacher picked it not us"
so well said!
Ok den
Mark Rober, thank you for being an amazing person and inspiration.
How are you going to spend your 20 bucks?
Bill is one of the few billionaires that truly should have as much money as he have.
"What is the name of the powder?
Is there any way we can support them and what they're doing?

Amazing video dude, insane you met Bill Gates. Love the work him and Miranda do for the world :)"
At 8:07 that woman was balancing something on her head amazing
Yes your back
see you in 30 days
But Proctor & Gamble own Gillette.. I ain't buying no Gillette, sorry.
Haha if you've been playing Dokkan Battle you'll know how biased Bandai is
You say it costs 3.5 cents per package, treating 10 liters of water. But to buy them on-line, the cost is more than $1.00 each. Rip-off.

Owner of the pond: "Bro you called my pond dirty bro you wanna fight??????"
What happens if the water has heavy metals in it? No hate just asking
I've always known you upload once a month but saying you only make 12 videos a year feels so weird. Like each is a rare gift
How old was this filmed you said bill gates was the richest man in earth... but not anymore
I think my answer to "smartest person" is Srinivasa Ramanujan, who fits your narrative really well.
00:29
Bil gates, the ritches man on earth, now thats just wrong
What happened if you put that in milk?
I gotta know did he have a sip of that water or no?
credits to plague inc.
I was about to click off the video but I read the comments and it says Bill Gates is in there
Mark Rober is gonna become one of the most famous and greatest scientists of all time one day
Can you scientifically prove Fortnite is a brainwashing agent
For someone who just made it big on their last video, this is a fantastic follow up. Shows where your head and your priorities are at, and I really appreciate that. That's what makes me want to watch your channel, is to see good people using their blessings to turn outwards and bless the lives of others.
Im here to ask how you cleaned the pool of Orbeez
what is the music at 0:17 ? it is not listed in the description :(
Let's do something like this for greenhouse gases and all that fun stuff
Shaggy can use 2% of his power to clean all the water on earth...
Not putting Bill Gates in the in the title is commendable.
completely amazed with every video Mark makes. Love it!!!!
9:49 WEAATTT YUUU
Here's a seemingly intelligent guy pretending money would solve the worlds problems. Right, the problem isn't religion and power struggle
OH MY GOD ITS DADDY BILL GATES
The person who made the powder is a hero
actually Jeff Bezos is the most rich man on earth but Bill Gates is the OG
Literally my science fair project was about using alum to clean water
The only entrepreneur who I could previously say that I truly liked was Elon Musk but now Bill Gates is on that list too.
Not all heroes wear capes
not even joking that i have that la croix in that fridge right next to me 8:50 cherry lime boiz
Aaah, another B&M Gates Foundation PR video... Interesting none the less
Anyone else notice there in the same place as mkbhd was when he interviewed Bill Gates? Is it his house? Or office?
Damn, just finished our research proposal about a water detoxifier, then this video came up.
"Was LITERALLY just reading on zeta potential the day before to prep for a chem lab, this could not have come at a more fit time. (Zeta potential is the electrokinetic potential in a colloidal solution, so the repulsion that each negatively charged particle in the dirty water feels)

Edit: Oh yeah, just featuring Bill Gates in a video, no big deal."
I recognize plague inc any where 8:25
Yay you finally uploaded!
These videos should be shown in educations of society.
You're exactly right. We need to help the 3rd world where they live and allow them to become self sufficient rather than importing them into the West to drag down our economies and local working wages. They need to learn to become fisher for themselves. So when is Bill Gates going to contribute to the Southern Wall to help protect American jobs and economic stability in this country?
2:24 i'm pretty sure that the straw was in the mud
12 videos a year but 6 million subscribers
Just because the particulate has separated does not mean the water is drinkable by any standards...
When you become the richest person in the world after someone lost their momey un a divorce
u rock.....feeling thirsty....
I seem to remember some years back that a Japanese inventor came up with coagulation of turbid water. How is Proctor and Gamble now taking credit?
What happens if you use that powder on coca cola / Pepsi or any flavoured soda ?
12 videos a year?! All these other people be making 12 videos a day
I wonder what is in there besides calcium hypochlorite, I used to play around with Alum powder as a flocking agent when I was a kid, was surprised how well it did.
Of course Bill would care about Japan. Sony and Nintendo basically killed his xbox.
nice music choice
He could make my life easier by removing the annoying "ACTIVATE WINDOWS" watermark on my desktop
Good freakin video man!
6 million!!
My mans actually said "that's some high quality H2O"
Mark plays plague inc?! XD
This will change the world, no doubt!
I am curious about the price per  kiloliter, if it can come anywhere near that of treatment plants this could a real huge solution as the upfront cost of plants is prohibitive in poorer nations with large rural communities. Is this data available somewhere I wonder?
a chance?
Damn
someone better eat those pizza rolls.
8:24 OMG MY FAV GAME PLAGUE INC YAS QUEEN
So much respect to not use Bill Gates as click-bate! Great video
Albord ainsto
"It might be drinkable... but how is the taste?
I know it's not the primary concern, but still..."
Why the plague ink footage tho?
9:44 Makko Rover
8:25 is that plague inc.?
Is no one gonna point out how he used plague inc for a clip?
8:52 Did he just say "don't forget Nintendo" in front of the guy who founded Xbox?
I wish there were more people like you
Ok. I love you for doing this. For making a super positive video for the world!
Bill Gates really does seem like the coolest, most down to Earth dude.
Great video man but when you use a map get the right map because in the map that you showed it shows that Albania its one of the countries that uses that thing but its not true because the availability of water is about 500 to 700 liters per capita per day. And its clean and drinkable water. You can check for your self.
Didn't expect this. Find me another YouTuber that could do this
Im glad that you got to meet Bill Gates
Idk why but this reminds me of shrek...
Just Bill Gates nothing special
When did bill get here
"How to come back from a slight faux pas?


Step 1: Invite Bill Gates to be in your video"
"About 44,000children died in 2015 due to diarrhoea.
My country is Nepal. We are world's 2nd largest fresh water reservoir ; what is going on?"
"-""where's my 20 bucks?""
Unfortunately Proctor and gamble is also the company that owns Gillette.
Awesome vid. Would love to see the entire Bill Gates interview.
oppossum or possum?
Is this what hope is?
If you watch one video from the internet today this is the video to watch.  Inspired.
Plague inc, really a man of you talents
This video has more quality than most channels on television and virtually all YouTube.
But bill gates isnt the richest person in the world
First time here, i like your videos man, keep it up!!!
Is bill just giving out free interviews it seems like everyone is talking about him
Ending world hunger by dropping this stuff in every water body except oceans and seas
8:12 All top American Generals agree that stability is good, yet America has been destabilizing regions all over the world since the end of WWII...
Mark!  What can we do to help?
This could save the world
How much money did nasa give you?
Mark got Bill Gates but pewdiepie can't even get Elon musk!
Once again, a great video by Mark Rober.
He's not the richest man on planet Earth anymore tho.
You are the best
We need a video about the Mars Rover...
This dude really made pizza rolls for bill gates... lol
Stop using trend crave music
8:25 wont spread to greenland tho
"Wow these videos are just.
In my opinion.
The 97 best thing to ever happen to humanity."
Did bill gates drink the water or is it bad for his immortality?
3:49 Flocculant is spelled with two Cs while at 4:19, it only has one C.
So drinking poopy water is saving the world HMMMMM
clap clap clap clap clap
"Where is my 20 bucks







MoMMy?"
At 8:25 was that a game called plague inc
"we should try to help poor nations. There is a caviat there tho... we should NOT STEAL MONEY FOR THAT PURPOSE. Which means no tax money for that. I am however all on for private charities, private people and private companies getting on board, does not matter if they do it because of goodness of hearth or as a marketing stun. As long as people are healtier, happier and live better its plus.

And for people saing people are too selfish to do that... Well you have someone who could be arguably called one of the selfiah man on earth...He have more money per hour than I per 10 years... Just advocating for selflessnes..."
Actually Jeff Bezos(owner of Amazon) is the worlds richest person
$96 billion and not a single Gucci belt in sight
2 days later hes dead
great video man
i live in seattle!
Why cant we just make truckloads and clean their water
Haha thank you for putting an emphasis on Nintendo when talking about Japan
Local man robs child
"*hes the second most rich man 
Jeff benzos is first"
Man I love your vids !
daily reminder to drink water
According to Foxie, Mark Rober will go into hiding for 6 months then make music videos
Only Mark can create a video with Bill Gates and not put "featuring Bill Gates" in the title.
Hey Mark, love what you do, I'm sure that as well as Bills Gate, you are doing something great to the world, that's awesome. From Brazil, I wish the very best to you and your amazing projects
Albertinestine had dyslexia fact
Wait.... So you used a straw to drink all that sludge in the bottom??? What is this video??
You're an amazing individual Mark and i look forward to every video you put out, thanks for making a difference!
What would happen if you put that in our water?
Currently, 323 people thumbed this video down. It would be interesting to know why. I mean - this is fascinating, educational and beneficial stuff.
Did you tell Bill that Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez wants to take over 99.9% of his wealth to sponsor a new socialist government to provide all of the people in America with instant prosperity? Ask him what he thinks of that idea.
YAAAAYYY NEW VIDEO
Love the fact that you used proleter music, that guy needs more recognition for his music
Sorry to bully great videos
That water with the dead opossum can't be safe ... just think of possible prion disease or Bacteriophages that exist that havent been filtered out because of some powder..
You won't save the world but this we'll be an answer to prayer. Plenty of clean water is available underground. God provides what we need until His return.
You came to the same state that I live in! I feel honored. Seriously, great work
I love your videos so so much. Your my inspiration to be an engineer like you!
I love your videos, i wish you would make more vids a year
WALL-Eeeeee
Niceeee
"Its getting dark my battry is low

This video is amazing! Also how did you get Bill Gates to be in this? HOW???
This video is so damn hypocrite
Thank you, Mark, great video!
Now what I want to know is how do we save the world considering this powder
"So how did Bill Gates die?
Well there was this bottle of murky water and a little packet of stuff..."
2:31 is that from the waterboy? (With Adam Sandler)
2:00 he knows what he is doing he he boiiii
Did you choose pizza roles because of Bill Gates inability to correctly guess their price on The Price is Right?
2 of my favorite YouTubers posted a video with Bill Gates in the same week. Neat.
12 videos a year, each and every one of them are all masterpieces.
I love watching all you're videos. Very inspirational for aspiring engineers
I think they should manufacture 3x the packet that are needed, then sell them in the first world at 10x the cost of manufacture, to give them away for free in the third world
Mark you sould make 52 videos a year not only will you make so much more money but im sure everone would love it soo much
Great political timing with UK's Youth Strikes on Climate Change. Does make you restore faith in humanity Mark, I'm glad for that.
make more vids ffs its too much time for 1 vid :/
When I watch his videos I fell like I Learned nothing in School and learned more from him
I would appreciate it is Bill would pay my college bill.. just saying

Jeff would like a word with you"
I'm impressed he didn't make a title like "OMG I MEET BILL GATES AND HE STOLE MY PIZZA ROLLS?!"
Incredible content as always!
"I want you to be my uncle 
xD"
Why do you only make 12 videos a year?
"Yeah but....drinking Chlorine?.....Orrr? What? 
Also, Bill Gates is known to be a humanitarian and Generally speaking..... Humans are basically programmed to succeed. You put them in bad conditions, with bad resources, and they find a way to flourish in such bad conditions. 
3rd World countries with poverty, Homeless Addicts on The Streets, the mentally unstable who aren't medicated correctly......All things that could help grow knowledge of our current understanding of the world."
FLINT
I'm afraid you think Bill Gates founded Nintendo...
I bet when Youtube was created, they'd never expect something this good to be online. Thank you.
Bill Gates, speechless.
You absolute madman got bill gates in a video. I think now you can say that you achieved everything
You went to Seattle!! You should have told us!!!
Is it sad that this is the first time I hear Bill Gates actually talk? Lol


I'd say you've got the ideal life Mark."
This is cool
he actually used the pandemic flash game as a reference 8:20
Props to Mark for not clickbaiting us with Bill
Too bad they have a avrage off 68 in iq......... Not that much brain power
This channel is so important.
"If you had interviewed me I'd have said von Neuman, Euler or Gauss.
I mean, I love me some relativity (I actually don't it's hard AF) it's just that I think Einstein probably had other very important factors other than his intellect.

Also why doesn't anyone ever think of chemists when thinking of the spartest people?
Or why don't people every know any chemists?
Mark my man. Do something for my science of choice."
6 Million sub!
Yes! I love bill gates!
So is recycling possible? Otherwise you are just giving them the fish and not teaching them how to fish.
Mark Rober > Bill Nye * Neil DeGrasse Tyson
I love your videos man props to tou
Where can I get this magic powder I want this for my bug out bag.
Ok
My favorite content creator hits another one out of the park. Thanks Mark!
wow this is a good and inspiring video
Yo mark rober if you can talk with me privately
w h o l e s o m e .
I don't understand how this has downvotes. Even if it didn't benefit me, I would gladly give $1000 to help people less fortunate than me, and save lives. And I don't make a lot of money. This kind of work is crucial for global welfare!
Nice
I dont have good faucet water
What about the parasites that might be in the water?
The world needs to come together and work together
I am just gonna point out that Bill Gates just straight up said, "I love D*cks."
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, feed him for life.
mars rover mark rober coincidence i think not
Lol definitely didn't go as planned the 2nd time around
SMALL AMOUNT OF THIS THING
The rover on mars has disconnected
"Makes pizza bites for the richest man alive


Bill Gates: AM I A JOKE TO YOU"
you are awsome
bill gates shouted out sony lmao
To the people who disliked this video, lemme ask you one question and please answer it. WHY ??? what is the reason that you disliked this video ??? He is spreading awareness, he is inspirational, he is spreading positivity and he is doing it in a fun, funny, amd educational way. So tell me dislikers what is ur reason ?
"socialist- SCREW BILL GATES
Bill Gates- actually helping people"
Btw, if stability stops terrorism, then why do terrorists breed in rich places like Saudi Arabia? Hmm?
"At 1:04 - That looks like sawdust.
2:00 - Okay, really fine-grain activated carbon-based sawdust of some sort :/
3:50 - Soo its.... chemically advanced sawdust?"
Thank you, Mark
i cried tears of inspiration at the end of the video.
What is the name of the product??
Wish it worked liked that
THANK YOU,I saw this on IG and all the comments really disappointed me
my bro mark rober just used plague inc as footage
Smarter everyday music
Enjoyed your upload. But your wrong about benefits of helping other countries. There are some countries we help that hate us. They want all western countries to die. Not going to mention them by name, but we know who they are. Why are we helping them?
I think Nikola Tesla was a Clever Man.
6 MILLION!!! WOOOOOOO
Is there a possibility that there might be an undiscovered form of life that lives off of something else  than H2O?
Love this, help poor people around the world survive because of all the untapped potential these people may have! Hmm wish some americans thought the same way about unborn babies.
Approved by Alterra
imagine if  you embraced machinery, ai and turned communism.  You could educate people to be such a high level, be more econmically productive, give people more time off and start developing the human race at a far faster rate.  Help, Love + Prosperity
Bill gates said Sony makes good products PS4 wins
Mark, I always look forward to your videos. I admire your work ethic and passions. Thanks for being you.
I love the music
hmm that bill gates guy seems like a pretty cool guy. never heard of him before i guess hes new in the industry. i hope he becomes successful in what hes doing!
How are you saving the world
What does Super Mario and Nintendo have to do with Bill Gates?
I know your videos take a lot of research and time to create, but they are so good. I think you would grow a lot more of maybe you posted a video twice a month. Thanks
Great vid! Keep it up!
plauge inc.
Pizza rolls = Bill Gates
I watched the Cheap Microscope video in science
ive waited so long for a video
Nuh-uh. bruh you met bill gates. Pretty cool
This is one of the best if not, the best video that i've watched on youtube, no doubt
Yesssss finally
This has given me a new perspective on developing countries so thank you. As always this has been a great video
Hi
Bill gates also sponsored JerryRigEverything! Nice to see them getting involved!!!!
I really hope that Mark's channel keeps growing. He is spreading so much positivity and so inspiring but he is also very funny and hilarious and he is doing it in an educational way. WISH THE BEST FOR YOU MARK  !!!!
Always love these kind of videos. They might not get you so many views as some crazy fun prank invention, but these always end up in my "inspiration" playlist for when I don't feel like studying or working on stuff. Thanks Mark, you and your videos are literal inspiration!
It's so cool how you got to meet Bill gates himself
"They sell at a loss" LOLOLOLOL
But is tap water really clean?
You are best YouTuber to ever exist~in my opinion
I love this video so much
Rest in pease, Mark Rober, 1983-2019
Prophet MUHAMMAD S.A.M is the intelligent in everything and not anyone else
what an amazing video, but? you put the stuff in the water bill gates looked at it, never drank it??
Yeah just a subtle cameo of bill gates in the video no big deal. Like no need to put it in the title.
"He says a reason to help poor countries is for our own safety 




But what if you don't care about your own safety"
FAITH IN HUMANITY RESTORED
This dude.... just met bill gates
"This your iq
Does that chlorine not kill?
1st MKBHD and now Mark interviewing Bill Gates
Thank you for the content you give me and many others! Keep it up! Bill Gates is one lucky guy able to meet someone so talented as you! :)
ok, I like your tech abilities, but nasa are liars and bill gates is all for one world order and depopulation through the vaccines then having side effects.  so -- are you a shill then???  cuz two evil connections in ONE video.....even though supposedly good humanitarian video....
6:20 he what ????
5:53 you made Jeff Bezos pizza rolls in bill gates house??
now we can all say that we hae seen bill gates eat pizza rolls but only mark rober got to serve them and make them in bill gates' kitchen
Amazing video Mark! I really appreciate this and your videos.
"Was that plague Inc there, Mark?
I love how your videos inspire everyone to do a better thing. You are my hero. Along with Alan Turing."
Tardigrades don't need water for years!
No eugenics from Bill this time
THE CLINTON FOUNDATION DOES GREAT WORK LIKE THIS. VERY ALTRUISTIC.
There is this website I use in school called Achieve 3000 and there was a article written about your previous video
amazing
7:09 bill gates keeps his refrigerator stocked to get many women
Now im wondering how hard is it to get a meeting with Bill Gates?
This is so cool
"Mark: Super dead opossum 
Me: flashes back to Logan and the forest"
2:31 that's some high quality H2O right there
Wow Mark, we need more of these videos. Awesome video.
Does he think Bill Gates made Nintendo?
Give em sodipops
Hey! I really dig the music by "A Shell in the Pit!" Smarter Every Day got me hooked on that music!
This is especially important as we seem to be living in a world where we are starting to shut out poor countries and trying to stop people in need getting the help they deserve! Every human has a right to the essentials to survive regardless of race or religion. We live in a sad world when people are more interested in closing their county off and cutting aid because they don't think they should help people in need
Does anyone know why he only uploads one video a month?
Drinking nasty swamp water to save the world .... From T SERIES CAUSE HE WILL MAKE US MINDSLAVES AND UNSUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE. We must defeat him
Imagine using this in a Big mass, for an example a swamp itself and see how clear it gets.. i know this is not good because of all the animals in it, but if it didnt hurt the Nature itself in the water it would look so cool
Music from 1:10 to about 1:30. Is that a twang version of Colt 45?!?!?
im amazed bill gates met up with him which is amazing, almost as amazing as the powder which is even more amazing
Its too bad proctor and gamble donate 10% of their profits to statanist organizations. The ceo went on tv and said so. Look it up.
Actually, Jeff bezos is the richest man in earth
You need to tell me how I can meet Bill Gates.
Congrats on 6 mill
albert einstein wasn't even that smart he was only good at science and math
Mars Rover
Does it clean pollution also?
Damn Bill Gates is cool
Mars Rovver
If bill put 1 billion into that powder company it would solve world water problems
Altruism doesn't exist.
THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS VIDEO!!! I'm so hyped to see you sharing stuff like this, especially in a time when we all need to know that people are making stuff to help solve our world's problems. <3
Bill Gates is awsome
I don't think the coagulants are positively charged? They just have a range of different charges, a mixture of charges that the dirt is attracted to?
that music from smarter every day tho
Thank you for making great content that educates entertains and saves lives. You are amazing, keep it up
Drinking chlorine doesn't sound so good.
Well, Bill, your 1% is more than our national income. Just saying.
Reminds me of those old infomercial where they stirred the cleaning solution into the dirty water and it turned clear. Looks like they invented something that was already invented, lolz.  I still wouldn't drink it or this either, but they were both cool to see. Thanks for sharing!
"8:28 Thank god Romania is a poor country... We will live longer. LoL!
I didn't think I would ever be this proud of being poor............... :((((((((((((((

Awesome video Mark!!!!!!!!! You are a real life hero, congrats!!!!!"
pin
Why did 40 people dislike? It was amazing.
Hi
Actually I have clean water at a push of a button
What happends to the chlorine? Will that not hurt you if your using it all of the time?
Taste like cardboard ? is that a good thing ??
Really Bill Gates Mr eugenics himself. Lol
"some random person you've never heard of probably born a long time ago who spent most of their daily energy just trying to survive" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adamson_Tannehill
Finely a new video
Promotes Nintendo in front of the XBOX guy. Clueless.

Stephen Jay Gould"
2:33 Mommy?
Now that's a video title if I've ever seen one
Except now you've got chlorinated water instead of safe drinking water
Nice globalism, dude. Groovy. Say hi to Europe for me.
Your content is getting more interesting and positive. The new generations must be able to think more vastly about the future of this world and realize that everyone is here for a reason and not just a group of disconnected nations
This should be a TV show
Plague inc is a great game
this video makes me happy in so many ways.
Did you know that an achieve 3000 article was written about your glitter bomb? I was in my 6th grade class and an article and questions was assigned to us. I was like OMG MARK I WATCHED THAT VIDEO
Congrats on 6 million
Mark you may have filter dirts but what about microbes?
https://www.jsc.nasa.gov/Bios/htmlbios/adamson-jc.html
Okay I thought this was a challenge which would involve puking
I dont care about other countries problems
Gread vid about something really ubiquitously important, if you think about it. However... There is something a tad appalling about the way you get your point across, whatever your point might be, as though you're so hyped about every single bit of it. It's probably also about the way that everything you say seems to be heavily bullet pointed. Just saying
I am reminded of the Manhattan Project.  What did Adamson say to Szilard?  "You'll get your money!"  & so the atomic bomb was born... not to forget A.W. Adamson... nor the fact that Adamson was working on something called "the death ray" prior to these meetings...
quit taking shreks swamp water
Good to see Bill Gates - nice man, he's always getting his Asian employees at Microsoft to phone me to help fix my computer, unfortunately I can't understand them and when I ask to speak to him they never let me, He must keep a very low profile as some of them don't even know who he is.
When u steal water from shrek's swamp
Bill Gates believes in eugenics
Great Video Mark
Instrumentals at 1:24 are eerily similar to Colt 45 by Afroman
I like this.
Ghanaians in the 1700s used to make real dirt patties and eat ledidi berries beforehand to make them actually taste good
why do you only make twelve a year?
3:16 HIV is the virus that causes AIDS ...
Your drinking muddy water to save the world but also are using a straw....
Are there any issues with chemicals ( motor oil/detergents) especially in a pond below a roadway?
I'm still not buying Gillette razors P&G.
Less wasted time traveling to get water and more time feeding the brain with wisdom and creative ideas.
The best information Ive seen on youtube 9:34 Einstein stated how simple things where. A human being actually living off Earth with the hardest ways to survive ARE the intelligent beings that you should be seeking the HOWS you want. Much like Carl Yung traveled meeting with tribes to learn of humans connection to the mythical and our soul. Homeless people know secrets of the modern world
Good work using that child slave labor
bro, you inspire me
Geez where to start....we help other powerful nations because of WW1. The smartest person isn't a person but focus and direction. We don't help worthless nations because of the simple fact that even our teeth bite our tongue now and again...
Insert reference that none of the kids will understand lol
Dude Bill gates is the best super rich person in the world, I just love the fact that he's spending 90% of his wealth for poor people
Absolutely fascinating! Thank you!
Inspiring
Tip several tonnes in the Ganges BOOOM clean Ganges.
2:38 Actuly i have the 3. Most clean water in the world.
nice
2:22 Takes drink of water. Swishes it around. Swallows. "Ahhh, that's some high quality H2O right there."
So untrue. I haven't drank water in the last 3 days
9:38 jesus
Looks like floccination
-Mark Rober 
2019"
"Smartest person who ever lived?
Well, using most western metrics of intelligence (highly biased though they are), I believe that might be William James Sidis.
Things... didn't work out well for him."
but did she give you the 20 bucks tho?
There is someone else that did this
Shrek would like to know your location
When were you in Seattle? I would love some advice from you I live in Seattle!
"Awesome Video!
Thanks for the work"
Amazing
I was in Seattle last month... I picked up a Juan Candy... an awesome pizza.. (named after John Candy) & also ate at the space needle... and went to Microsoft... got thrown out at Nintendo.. not quite.. I mean.. they just were pretty insistent about "sir this is a closed campus" so I left... ah.. I did some other things.. great times...
What will happen if you pour several of those sachects on that dirty water close to your home? P.D. Nice haircut.
This was beautiful.
We can continue to throw every dime we have a developing nations and 3rd world country but they will always stay that way unless you remove the dictator's and socialist leaders that rule over their people. The only true way to progress and liberty is through freedom and a free market.
Of course he gets the kids to do the dirty work
1% of bacteria OH GOD NO THAT WILL KILL US ALL PLeasE MAKE IT CLEANER
And to think that I have been buying plane tickets, when this entire time I could have just been using the pipes from Mario to travel...
Still not going to drink that
When i get older i want to become a chemist
I wish more people would think of the positives and less about the "oh its gonna cost me screw them".
Child labour simulator
What if we dump all of this cleaning powder into our fresh water?
Positive sum game
today we saw you video about building the derby cars
You said that every animal needs water to,live what about a tartigrade
Clicked so fast just to see this.
Goddammit. I NEED TO KNOW WHAT THE WATER TASTED LIKE
What are you supposed to do with the dirt on the bottom?
2:57 cactus bruh bruh oh yeah yeah Justin y


Bonus Fun Fact: Warren Buffett paid for their meals with coupons."
Insta subscribe...
How do I invest in this!!!
WTF MARK REALLY INVITED BILL GATES FOR HIS VIDEO?! And there is no word in thumbnail! What a legend...
Woah, this is great. So many people need water and the fact that people are doing this is so beneficial to the world.
Congrats on 6 mil subs
8:23 lmao thats plague.inc gameplay
oh finaly a new video i am waiting so long
I like how you used a clip of plague inc lol
bill gates isnt richest man on earth, according to google
well , here in my state in mexico tap water is not drinkable , we have to get a 5 gallon jar of drinkable water refilled every few days
4:50 meeleins?
You make AMAZING!!! videos and are a true inspiration thank you.
Isn't Chlorine toxic if drank in large quantities? (Like in case you had to rely on this method on a daily basis for a long time).
Its crazy that you met Bill Gates Great video keep up the amazing work.
This is crazy! An interview with the second richest man in the world!!
Man I wished you would make 24 or 36 vids a year. The content you make is so amazing which I'm sure it's because you put so much time an effort into each vid.
this is great but the first thing i was thinking is sure the dirt may be push to the bottom doesn't mean the water is magically cleansed from the things that you CANT see which can kill you..
where can I et some of that Powder?
Yes, keep throwing money at the third world. It's worked great so far  /s
Where can I buy this
Ive been watching you for so long and i just looked at your sub count.......... Great job. Better than what i could do.
A man cleaned a whole swamp with this
So where can we buy this stuff
"Help! I can't find the song at 5:30 anywhere!

nvm i found it https://youtu.be/qi0q_VIa3fo the description is just wrong :P

haha he changed the description but its still wrong"
This is unbelievable I cant believe he met with Bill Gates,  you Mark and Bill are my heroes and its so nice that you guys met up to save the world,  thank you Mark and Bill you just made my day!
Once again Mark sends forth his child army to do his dirty work
Thank you for that video, Mark."
Russia is a developed nation, that didn't help decrease war LOL. I feel like there's plenty of flaws in this argument
How does is this gonna save the world?
OMG you actually met my personal hero from this decade.
You can actually live longer than 3 weeks without food
"""Wheres my 20 bucks Reni?""
realizes she has nothing
""Mommy...?"""
"6:20
omgosh... when he said 
""Love Dick's""
""I know you love ..aaaah""
just sounded wrong :)

big ups to the man though for his efforts"
Youtuber changing the world to the better are best youtubers.
I wonder how bill gates felt when Mark was saying "Nintendo" because... well... Xbox
8:24 this is from the video game plague inc.
The smartest person is Elon Musk
From plants to ants to the bacteria in your pants
How did you get a meeting with BILL GATES???!!!! WTF
Of your so picky on how you make your 12 videos, then why not just make more than 12 videos?
I HOPE THE AMAZING PEOPLE THAT DISCOVER OR MAKE WONDERFUL THINGS ARE REWARDED WITH A GREAT LIFE --- UNLIKE THE PARASITES THAT DECEIVE AND MANIPULATE OTHERS FOR THEIR GAIN.
plague inc.?
Does this product work on urine?
Bill gates lOvEs dIcKz
think about it man... water.. is incredible.. 3:06  ... exactly...  water.. it isn't spoiling.. what spoils it ? ... it's a trick question... great idea really.. and shows how pre-existing discoveries could be combined to create something new... but back to water... where would we be without it.. nowhere.. I could get water from an ancient aquifer and drink it just the same as processed municipal water... that's what's so interesting
"Mark: Helping Japan helped Nintendo come along!

*Literally talks to guy who made Xbox"
5:33 BOY, THATS JUST CRAZY!!!
Loved your video tell you introduced bill gates.  Stopped video at that point.
If you keep giving poor countries government money they become reliant on government money. Instead donate to charities instead of forcing people to pay through taxes.
"You only make one video a month? Only? Dude, you and about one other youtuber I am subscribed to have a special attribute that I can literally click on any single given video that you create and be thoroughly entertained by it on any day at any time from start to end. And that's not even counting the fact that they are all highly educational and relevant. Only 12 videos a year. Pshhh! BTW that one other special youtuber is Primitive Technology.

Edit: I made this comment in the first few seconds before I realized this is actually one of you most valuable videos. That' motherfucken bill gates and you're talking about the meaning and justification of humanitarian aid for heaven sake. You are my number one youtuber."
Say what? One minute Bill Gates is all for human depopulation, next he's all for saving people.  Please do look into it people, not hard to find.
I have this game on my phone for years, really cool 11:36
Mark will you make a video about opportunity? Mars rover
"Isn't Mr. Bill doing this helping to also make his name ""better"" and to spread Microsoft products which brings him more money?
Also no, this video was not sponsored by whatever company manufactures this powdered mixture, but by Mr. Bill (or Microsoft) himself."
#highqualityH2O
"noice



lil plop made some fresh Lucozade lol"
Are we not going to talk about how mark met Bill Gates?
My boy bill nye the ..... wait wrong bill.
Haha "momy" god that is cute she was going to keep her word bless her hearth
How many gallons can a the bag of powder clean.
This is such an important video, brilliant way to raise awareness as well as make an interesting video
Where's my money????
Gates is a legend
hate to break it to ya nikola tesla was einsteins choice for the smartest man ever
Marc rove told me like and comment here !,
1:07 isn't it possum
Ah free child labor don't come and find fbi please I'm just a jokester
I subbed
You can live a lot longer without food. The current record is 368 days.
This is great
Caught me off guard with "...untapped brain power..." very good point.
anyone who disliked this is just mean
Lets do Our best!!!
"You are the Modern day.


More importantly, All people deserve a chance to have clean water and love."
Love every one of your videos Mark!
"Unfortunately, pulling 3rd world countries out of poverty, to become 1st world producers, only contributes to the world's unsustainable plastic, and raw materials use

This is never touched upon when this subject comes up. The pollution that plagues this planet is an out of sight, out of mind approach, we live in a society of infinite consumption. Bill Gates makes an argument that these countries will produce products that we would enjoy, however never talks about how they will impact

The desire for 3rd world countries to emulate our own destructive way of life is not the answer 

We use the world's renewable resources at such a rate, it would take two Earth's to sustain it, and that's in the current state 


Water for thought"
I just expected a cool video about a life saving powder, what I did not expect was for you to end up kicking it with one of the richest men in the world
One day I would love to create some content with you. Let me know when and I'll me in your door step in 1 week. Thanks so much for inspiring me to be able to live my life the way I wanted!
Plese up lode more
"Wait if dirty water causes more deaths than HIV and malaria combine
What actually causes the death"
This guy looks like itsalexclark
Imagine meeting the richest guy in the world and giving him pizza rolls
I guess the problem is, you lose the cheap labour to make cheap products. And this is enough to inhibit investments - loss of profit.
I'm not disagreeing with the altruistic motivation for saving lives. Not at all! But your (Bill's) other two don't ring true. There are many places in the world where the people actively want to damage the folks in the western, developed world as well as each other. They say so, often. We should give them the respect of believing what they  say. More of those folks, and/or more prosperity for them hasn't generally been a great thing for us.
How much do those children get paid tho??
Equally the next hitler survives so uhhh
This man actually got Bill Gates on his video
"No, have you?
Well... you probably have now. :/"
honestly when I get enough money I would buy a century worth of the packets and donate them to the poor
12 videos a year :(
Damn, bill gates
Mark your videos are Quality/Quantity! I hope your videos inspire people to go out there and make a difference in the world. The greatest joy in life comes from giving. The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step!
"For short term and emergencies, these  packets make sense.  I'd not rely on them for long term water supply since the causative ingredients may impair long term health.  One traditional element used to floc water is aluminum.  You do not want to ingest too much!  Now if they use iron instead, so much the better.  We have techniques to clean up these water supplies, but it is usually out of the budget for a community in a developing country.  Ironically we use the same techniques that we employ for treating sewage water via creating a habitat instead of direct water sterilization.  This is one of those frustrating situations where we can help, but still have to consider how we can afford to live after giving away a lifetime of research and development.   Hats off to Mr Gates for his efforts!  

For those who get the idea to try to improve their own ponds and lakes with things like this as a ""cheap fix"",  you will not like the results.   Safe for humans does not equate to safe for aquatic species."
Bless you
when i saw he posted a video i was really excited
bill gates made more money in this video from just standing there than most of us will make in a year
I wish more videos ;c
respect for not putting bill gates in the title.

No kiding your  rich"
"Every like this comment gets is his money be earns for this video.
"Now we drink" LOL
H*lllllll Yeahhhhh
The positive outlook and energy pulsing from every one of your uploads gives me life. Thank you my man, I'd like to hear your thoughts on the death of the Mars rover. Super sad stuff, final words and all.
Wait you were in Seattle? that's where I live





He was Super Dead"
haha that was funny and interesting
5:51 He is not the richest man in the world.
I absolutely LOVED this video, please keep up the good work!!
I'm not early snd no one will find this.
I hope i was you so i can meet bill gate
Most areas without clean water, are villages where people crap and throw trash into their water sources. But others are just plain unfortunate and have naturally filthy water.
"Marcus Brownlee just interviewed Bill Gates about the letter and now you







Then I'll interview him next."
yesss! finally!
Now that's cool.
2nd richest but understandable
Why dont we get a dust plane and fly over africas dirty water
"99.999 percent of dirty water was killed during this video
this man has bill gates in his vid and doesn't even need to mention him in the title because he makes the best vids on youtube
REMEMBER -You can filter dirty water from dirt and Bacteria, b ut NOT from Heavy Metals like Led which are poisonous.. And Heavy metals are always resent close to Cities , Towns, and Roads.
9:44 Snitch
What about overpopulation?
Honestly I don't think I've ever heard Bill Gates talk before. Insightful.
Bill gates made more money in the interview than mark will make in this video
Who was here before 221k views? I DO
Mark ahhhh you finaly made a new viddddd thanks dude!!! Luv ur vids so muchhhhh
2:31 Waterboy Reference?
Who was here before 221k views? I DO
Awesome!
You should test it in salt water
"Where is my 20 bucks?"  "Mommy"        -HAHAHAHA
This is actually a really good video I am glad I am subscribed you are going up so fast
is this guy sponsored by Nintendo?
They made n achieve article of you
Great videos. Thank you.
Ummm P&G helping humanity.... While telling men how terrible they are...sure
This is the longest water aid advert I've ever seen
Is this safe ??? Chlorine Remains in the water the long term poisons in the water can have cancerous effects on people Drinking it
"Donald trump: sees video about helping people and benefiting from it.

Also Donald trump: we need to build a wall"
I just hate the people that only care about themselves and not anyone else. I love these kinds of videos because I myself live to help people, and these packets allow us to help millions of people.
BILL!!! omg!
Absolutely excellent
intelligence alone is nothing compared to accomplishment
At last a terrific personage at my volcabulary capacity.
Gives Bill Gates pizza rolls, what a legend.
"2:33 alright where is my 20 bucks rainy?
"I am not jealous that you meet Bill Gates, one of my inspiration. Nope, not at all.








Nope, not at all."
Wholesome af.
FINNALY THE VIDEO IS HERE YESSSSSS
BILL GATES ??? 0.0
This dude really met bill gates
Thank you for making this video
Of course everyone should want this. This is what we should be doing a lot more of helping other countries fix there problems instead of inviting anyone here to live for free. Immigration solved.
New Mark Robber video!! Yay!!!!
Mark, what are your thoughts on the rover that died recently (Opportunity)?
"You should make
More videos like 12 per month"
Screw Einstein, go Niels Bohr
if you put bill gates in the title and thumbnail it would have a lot more views lmao
My family and I have become OBSESSED with your videos! Two of my favorite videos is the most recent one with the glitter and the wallet one to see how honest people are. Could you do more social experiments, please? BTW: You are so original! I wish if I had the knowledge you have to
I love how something so small can give you something bigger
So the rich is helping the poor to later benefit the rich...
6:09 He bit the pizza roll into a pyramid shape. Wake up, sheeple.
"wow he got to meet bill gaetz...
 im a gaetz btw"
Congrats on 6 mil!
What about basic DIY water filter? Using sand and carbon dust?
Your my favorite youtuber i get so happy when a new video comes out
Humans are people too
This power is incredible!
Its really amazing and show you how you can affect the entire world when people say that only the person did this was making "laundry stuff" he saved milions by a simple but brilliant idea
"It removes dirt & kills bacteria.  But those aren't the only water quality problems. 
What about  chemical pollutants like fertilizer & fossil fuels?
Also, does it remove salt?"
Cool
You met bill gates...
"2:35 

mOMMY"
mommy!!!! hahahahahahah!
Once again so impressed. Best damn channel on this site!
Hey mark, little tip, you could get so MUCH MORE CLICKS BY PUTTING BILL FREAKING GATES IN THE TITLE
Not a gucci belt in sight
You should make a teddy bear robot
2:35 when anything bad ever happens to me
7:58 Not all foreign aid is good, some countries are on the border of collapse. If you send money to a country on the brink of ruin, that money will go the the military, not the citizens.
how much is this powder and does it work on water contaminated not with dirt? what about mud? bugs? food?
"I think its great that someone from proctor and gamble was able to develop this and help so many millions of people.
Yes, absolutely ""richer"" countries should help ""poorer"" countries, but voluntarily. Not through forced government wealth redistribution through taxation. I love how Bill explains that it isn't a zero sum game that if other countries do well that it isn't bad for wealthy countries. And he is 100% correct, but yet he supports higher taxes for the rich because they are taking/hoarding the money from the poor and rich people are the reason people are poor. Well which is it Bill??"
"Its a flocking agent usrd in all municipal water sources.likely with some iodine
Doesnt clear toxic chems"
We need way more content like this
Why not make a big packet and pour it to the ocean?
Great so now more people die. Overpopulation kills a lot more people, ideally the optimal population is about 1 billion .. not the 11 billion we're heading towards. So called saving people actually kills a lot more people. Search "Optimal Global Population" .. here's basic information https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optimum_population
Yeah, those process are used in water treatment on regular basis. Nice that P & G developed how to delay process of releasing chemical processes in order to make it work!
The richest man on planet Earth has literally no idea how much pizza rolls cost
I will say, thank you. That's all.
RIP Oopossem
bill gates has a fridge with cans of arizona inside im jealous
How long will the water stay clean if it's a river
mommy
This is good stuff. Great work!
As I watch this, I wonder about sewage.  Could this be used as an additive to dirt to improve topsoil?  Perhaps after the sludge is baked?
1 like = 1 hope for the world in Plague Inc.
oof- this thing is gr8! XD rlly inspiring :3
Is anyone else amused by the way the water comes out of the faucet at 2:41
IF POOR place get too much money from us this may start a war
Greatest collaboration of all time
Bill gates is such a humble and kind guy
Where can I buy your shirt?
I wish he didn't dress like a 12 year old. His vids would be much more watchable.
Bill gates!!!!!
Wow I want to join nasa and then quit to do YouTube so I can meet bill gates lucky lol
Stop. Just
5:51 When was this made? It's Jeff Bezos now lol
Thank you for your videos! It's just soo good to see what science has and hopefully can do for us at some point - let's make the world a better place!
God I love Bill Gates. He's the coolest person I know exists.
Bill friggin Gates
This video was really interesting, and it's great to see these new technology being used to save lives. Love your videos, thanks :)
Bill Gates deserves no praise. His charitable giving is just another way the rich subvert democracy and choose unilaterally what deserves funding. His money would be better spent if it were taxed and its allocation were determined democratically. We should not have to live at the whims of the wealthy.
"-where my twenty bucks?
-...mommy?"
TEA
You're amazing sir
Wow he got to meet BILL GATES!!!
Well Jeff Bezos is the new richest person in the world but close enough
Every single video those spanners in the background trip me out. looks like they're coming out of the wall
This is brilliant!
Since this has chlorine in it, he can make a killing selling it as a pool product when people need to FLOC their pools!
"i never saw a kangaroo 
drinking water :/"
1 video a month? No i wonder i get such high quality vids whenever you come out! Keep it up my man!
I want to call my Mommy for $20. HAHAHAHA! Awesome.
Imagine meeting Bill Gates and not freaking out. Lol
We helped india now... they gave us t series.
7:00 watch the dirt sink.
Mark you inspire me! I'm getting to 1M subs and my content is not even close to yours. But your thinking of the world amazes and inspire me!
I love when you post videos
Congrats on 6 million Mark! We all know you're going to do great things as you have been in these coming years
And where can we buy that magic powder???
I have plague inc lol
I'm not entirely sure why he didn't tell us exactly what the product is in the description.It's a product called PUR and it's created by Greg Allgood, made by Procter & Gamble, produced in Singapore, and distributed in the US through a company called DayOne Response, Inc. Just in case anyone is curious. You can see the packet clearly at 3:27
yea but socialists want to abolish rich people soooo....whos gonna help poor nations if a rich one doesnt exist?
If only people could put aside their differences and actually help each other together as a species but we have to be different and fight over it
Such an important video. I desperately hope it gets as many views as possible.
Where can i get the powder?
It's people like you, Bill and Malinda Gates, and the company who makes those purification packets that make have still have faith in humanity today :)
"I like the video. But you by saying that the smartest man in the world probably spent his life just trying to survive, implies that intelligence is purely or primarily genetic. That might be true, but I think it has horrifying moral implications. If people are born in an objectively rankable hierarchy, it would be unlikely for that hierarchy to be randomly assigned to the total population. Some groups, identifiable with other genetic factors, would be objectively better than other groups in thank ranking. And if we could hypothetically identify those groups, then it would be morally irresponsible for us to let the lesser groups interbreed and ruin the genetic superiority of the upper groups.
I think you can see that very quickly, we have an argument for eugenics, and eugenics is probably the most harmful field of science to have been developed.


In order to thwart the eugenicist argument, either people are not born intelligent, it is all nurture; or intelligence isn't objective, in which case people aren't rankable. So you said ""the smartest man"" (rankable) ""was born and never taught enough to use his intelligence"" (genetic trait), and in order for both of those statements to be true people would have to rankable in an objective hierarchy where some people are objectively better, worth more, than others."
Love how the clip showing during the plagues part is from plague inc
Just a normal day meeting bill gates
Great lesson
You are outstanding....
Correction, Bill Gates is the second richest man on Earth
Half of Mark's powder was swapped out with sugar, not killing all the deadly pathogens in the water, causing him to contract a deadly disease and die, making him tonight's big loser.
Press f to pay respects for the opossum
Thank you Mark Rober for your Philanthropic ways to serve humanity.
How many times did you tell your nephew's to watch out for alligators
Ft. Bill Gates
@Mark Rober an clock works in the earth if we send it to the moon and you know moon Ag=1.63m/s^2 if its start at 12:00 pm on earth ...what time it will be in the moon by 24h left ???????
I get so glad when you upload
This is gonna be on trending soon
Hey bill gates, how much could win 10 win if a win 10 could win!
I love this video! Such great science. Such great ideas
Bill Gates is such a cool guy
My dad got a free helium tank and I am wondering what I should use it for. Tell if you have any ideas if you see us
I liked the video and i agree overall, but i dont think the smartest person in the world will appear from the third world.
I was about to go biking when I heard my YouTube bell go off (As I am only subscribed to Mark) I ran over, took 3 seconds of the video, And biked hard for 20 mins. My reward: This video.
#FuckBillGates
1st
Best channel on YouTube.  Making science fun and interesting.  Thanks
"2:33 she doesnt have money?             Pls gonna work 
This remind me the homeless people, if you're a homeless, just buy a home DUUHH"
What would Thanos think?.......
I came here expecting experiments, but got Bill Gates....whoa..
"I've also read that yes, it makes water clear, but clear doesn't mean safe. I've read that it does in fact leave microbes that can be harmful as the gel wont react to them. This stuff is only a starting point, but does make it cleaner, but not safe/purified... 

But That was another brand. I did see this one has chlorine, so I guess that makes it safe."
Yayyyy another vid
*Totinos has entered the chat
"7:40
cough cough trump"
Love u
I can't help but think that there has been this drive to "lift up" developing nations (Trick or treat for UNICEF anyone?) for as long as I've been alive (long enough that we should see some results by now) and all the places that were bad off then, still are.  I don't understand why this isn't changing.  Just seems like folks are maybe healthier, but still poor.
I would say Leonardo divchi
Literally the best youtuber no question
But did Bill drink the water?
Amazing video
Whoa, cool video, cool idea. Who maked that is a gennius
facts.
how can i be sure  that possum isn't dead?
U met bill.....
Next invite elon musk in your video
i got only love and support for you mark
I was so surprised when you said you will be partnering with bill gates
2:20 kinda looks like the straw was in the mud, hope you didn't drink that
That was way to fast
8:24 plague inc?
"LOLL
made him some pizza rolls. with a rich man like him that must actually feel like a delicacy, going from rich food to ordinary civilian food."
That moment bill gates casually appears in your video without clickbaiting us
Bill gates, you alright man.
12 videos a year... oof
"I wonder if that is actually Bill Gates' kitchen. 
If so, he doesn't spend much. 
20 year old sub zero and consumer grade appliances on the counter. Hmm.
Unless this is the basement kitchen.."
It's almost like this video was... Wait for it... Setup, produced, scripted, and nothing was a surprise for Bill Gates in it at all. The man who tried to make "the case for killing grandma."
"That stuff is magical... :O
Didn't know it existed.

Dude, you are really awesome!
Awesome video! :)

Bill Gates...
Okay that is just awesome! :)"
Aye, my favorite YouTube uploaded again. Today's a good day.
1:35 how Mark does sponsors
I just love Bill Gates, man. I really, really love him. So much.
You cant kill a virus as it is not living in the first place
"This is a very good video
And I still thinking of Venezuela and other countries"
He met bill gates and did not freak out
"My respect sir to not teasing or clickfishing with the bill gates factor in front of this vid! 

Btw great video and outstanding message you delivered!"
Where do you get these packets. I'm totally on board to donating to help those in developing countries, but I also think this need to be available for people in wealthy countries for emergency situations.
Bill freaking gates?!
Nice one mate, keep it going! :)
Of course Bill Gates' fridge is stacked with LaCroix
It wooks bwetter...
8:30 the video is great but IS THAT PLAGUE INC FOOTAGE
intelligence is genetic
yeah but you guys didn't drink it in the end
Get this to #1 on Trending!
"Jilly Juice:
Am I a joke to you?"
I have so much respect for Bill Gates. He's the richest man in the world, and he does good with his money. Not only has he donated millions to charities and humanitarian efforts, he has his own freaking foundation for helping people. What a guy.
I thought it was made by a Japanese student I saw a video of it back then
I'm upset that people disliked this video
Bill Gates btw...
Mark's videos gives me strange boners. always funny, interesting, and enlightening
Egoistic altruism is all well and good but let's be honest about it.  Billy boy wants to be able to buy the next big thing in tech from a dirt poor person. That way he can buy revolutionary ideas for pennies on the dollar.
But the problem is it's made out of plastic.
So where does the now "concentrated evil" goop go?
Good vid. Liked the humanitarianism aspect
Isaac Newton though, not Albert Einstein
Its like a powdered mass cleaning lifestraw
Bill freken gate
Most Americans can live much longer than 3 weeks without food.
Amazing. Absolutely amazing.
Absolutely incredible video it really is amazing how much we take for granted living in America we are too busy caring about politics and the newest video game to even think other people in the world have to worry about how they're going to drink mud or where their next meal comes from or when that next meal will be
"Whenever rich countries help poor countries, the money is always diverted into personal pockets
There are exceptions (mostly in Asia) but keep going"
I came here to see mud water be purified and got a reminder to work more on my thesis on policy coherence for development
This is amazing. All you need now is to add fluoride. For your teeth or whatever
I love these vids
I don't remember seeing these in the Philippines.
I guess you couldn't pull the "i worked for nasa" around Mr. Bill Freaking Gates XD
Early
What a beautiful video.
XD he used Plague Inc to show diseases spreading
wow i was very suprised how intense and seriously sensitive this video got, thanks for this video
I love your videos man, keep it up:)
"Wrong Mark. 
We just need to end socialism on these poor countries.
With free market, they will thrive."
be proud i referenced you in my university application and got accepted to my dream uni. thank you
It's amazing how a rich person like Bill Gates can look so simple and casual. You'd never think they were a rich person
My birthday is in 7 days!
EWWW HE DRANK IT???? OH GOD...
what's that joke about Super Mario Bros.?
Holy moly he actually got bill gates in one of his videos !!!
Is no one else tripping balls, that he actually got in contact with Bill Gates?
Pls upload more often
I watched that video yesterday!!!!
use kids to commit your crimes
"2:33
""Where's my $20?""
""Mommy""
Holy macaroni!!
He's not the richest person in the world Jeff Bezos is
Well, viruses can survive without water until we get infected by them. And they are biological beings
This video is amazing! Thanks for doing it and bringing attention to this type of problems and solutions!
Cool!
Im a water/wastewater plant operator... its called water coagulation and flocculation
your my favorite youtuber
Plague inc made it into a science video!
Shaggy can drink anything and survive by using only 1% of his power.
Can we get an F for the rover that Mark worked on. Its battery died recently.
WHAAAAAAA?!?!?!?!
wait how is ur subs at 6 mil i thought u was so much bigger
Evil.
You can live WAY long then 3 weeks without food :)
Bill Gates is nice
Impressive!
great subject mark, thank you
He tried to forget Nintendo for a certain reason.
I (and likely many others) would be happy to buy these packets at a massively inflated revenue margin for camping and expedition trips to support this cause
Legend says all these kids now have mutated from all types of diseases and Possum feces.
9:44 I thought she said Mark Wahlberg, haha
"What would you say about pewdiepie being an alien that has got out of the program of creating memes so that humanity could not advance.

PS: at my school they know I am smart and dont have to repeat the same lessons in math,physics, chemistry etc. every day. I am thinking they should do something like. Putting me in some program where thy learn everything from the ground up to the advanced stuff even though I am foing to be 14 this 12 of march."
Wtf were can I buy the powder??
Epic
8:24  Plague Inc.   xD
I shaked when I saw he drunk it. I am a university chemistry student and I am studying the purification of water. That is real faking magic
Wow
Mark is the one person who is somehow able to collab with Bill Gates, congrats! Lol
So. I don't like ms products. Ive been a hater since linux started and currently use macos as my desktop and Linux fir servers.  Gates now makes me see that in ways I'm wrong. Not in my choice of software. But who they are and what there eventual goals where.
Is this trending yet? xD
where can i get this powder
"OMG did he just use clip of plague inc to talk about diseases. 







EPIC."
@Mark Rober, enjoyed the video, I participate in this field of work for municipalities and industrial markets, if you'd like to talk about it more let me know!
194 people hate life!
Have people not played plague inc? The game he showed when he talked about how diseases would spread quickly
I CANT GET OVER HOW YOU MET BILL GATES
The oldest kid has no drip




Y A Y"
But how can people see this?
Dang!!! From 3 million to 6 million in like a couple months!!!! Gonna be honest you deserve it man, your videos are amazing. Keep it up!!
imagine if he was unvaccinated
How do you feel about opportunity dying
The richest man in the entire world? More like the second
Lets get this video to #1 Trending please
When you feed one of the richest people on Earth pizza rolls
Love this Thanks Mark Rober
Another disingenuous, misleading video. Unsubbed. Have a good one!
Bill gates is currently not the richest man in the world but whatever...
That is a great game. Taking out the world before the cure is found. Gripping.
8:08 demonetized. Right there.
That was great
Bill gates is such a legend
5:32 Was Reggie's body ready for some high quality H2O?
well thought
"I like that plague inc. clip

Reminds me of the good old times"
Amazing video. Second most amazing thing is that you still have a Nintendo Power!
Christopher Langan has an IQ of estimated 190 - 210 and he is not successful and currently works as a bouncer. While Einstein is on 160 - 190 IQ. Imagine if Langan have enough money and resources to start his own research it could uplift humanity in an awsome way.
Mark the rover that Nasa lost contact to on mars. Was that the one you helped engineer?
can you solve a rubiks cube, ans if so what is your best time? (31.29 sec)
BTW congrats on 6 mil
water bears dont need water...
What are you waiting for running to become USA President?

Man gets big on YouTube and quits his job at  NASA, makes some cool sweaters and gets in talkshows, makes a bunch of videos showing people how science works and helps a bunch of people understand science also makes videos on amazing products that help many people and now he just met and collaborated with Bill Gates.

Damn"
"Newsflash: Mark got dysentery and died shortly after making this video.

RIP, Mark."
Is Canada a rich country?
Mark plays plague inc confirmed
Basically how to win any bet
Hows this not in #1 trending yet?
Power message thanks Mark!
2:09, why is the hat of the boy in the middle cliched out in the video for 1 frame
Mate meets Bill Gates like it's nothing

I died"
So so so good. Thank you .
Who pulls levers for water?
Wow i didn't see it at that angel
Pure of heart and smart approach to the problem .
What's the shelf life of these packets?
I don't think Bill gates is the richest person in the world anymore I'm pretty sure it's the creator of Amazon not 100%sure tho
It's like having the best player in a game, but the game is pay to win and that player is broke af so he is never the n1 despite being the best player that was never discovered
I just realized I never what Bill Gates' voice sounded like.
What about the parasites?
How much does the powder cost per gallon of water decontaminated??
This really could deserve a noble prize
Plagues always worry me and I hope that by helping out these poorer countries, we can eradicate them
The straw was in the dirt tho.
How sid it felt having bill gates eat your pizza role.....i would have liked a scene where you pulled out the real food and said here you earned it after this answer
Could you dump a large enough amount of that in contaminated water source?
very educational
Is this guy LDS?
"That's some high quality H2O"
WHAT A MAD LAD??? Oh just a casual interview with Bill gates like it's nothing. Wtf. Love this guy
How do I subscribe more?
Short term pain for long term gain.
"Hey BILL GATES !!!!!! ...







can I call you billy ?
Why is it that most of marks friends are under 12 years old...
Mark you are not only ridiculously smart but also charismatic, empathetic, caring, well-spoken and generous. It's incredible how you use your platform to influence peoples opinion and views in a very positive way!
I dont trust that I will still boil it
Can you make more than 12 videos a year because you are one of my favorite YouTuber and sharing cool and interesting information. Just one more video per year, every year.
A Mark Rober video and Captain Disillusion within 24 hour span? Sweeet
Low key stretched the video.
I like the lesson you are sharing "Sometimes the best way to improve your well being is by improving those around you."
Moving.
So cool
THIS IS GUY HAS MET BILL GATES, HAS A ROVER ON MARS, AND IS PROBABLY RICH THIS GUY HAS DONE ALOT
Wow mark
Mark, you have been my hero for a while now. You make the videos we wish we could make. You are aweome and thank you so much for the work you do and the content you create.
That nasty swamp water is probably all you can afford to drink
Very tiny bit of science, I didn't need to watch the rest bcos I'm already for helping others be they rich or poor
Humanitarianism is the direct path to a Star Trek-style future.
Can u use this with ocean water
Great video! love your content.
2:25 *sad violin* sadly Mark was pranked with sugar and not cleaning powder and later contracted every single water born illness know to man. RIP
" Now we drink " lol I would love to see if Bill Gate would actually do it.
Your the best
Bill Gates is the second richest person in the world. You said the first
2:30 - 2:33 Nice Waterboy reference, right there.
If I had 96.6 billion dollars, I would use 10% of it to donate to charities and all that stuff.
BILL GATE!
If you put bill gates on the title, it will be a better click bite ; )
what's the product called? I'm lowkey interested lel
why do you need parenthesis
I think the biggest reason for assisting developing nations is long term investment. By adopting a cooperative capitalist approach, you can seed a developing nation early at low cost and regain investments through influence as an early entry into a new economy. Imagine how big Google is in the West. If you took that approach and provided services within a developing nation people will work to use then you create a healthy economy that will support itself with you as the investor in the middle of it.
I saw this first at nas daily in 2018 something
8:24 a little Plauge Inc reference I see?
"> the richest man on planet earth

laughs in Bezos"
The critical thinking is key.
And again  is this the same concept as pool  flocket that does thensame thing and makes the dirt and stuff go to the bottom to vac it up
Congratulations for 6M! Love your Videos and your personality.
Great video
Here before the video blows up
What if that water had aids in it
Did not expect Bill Gates to be in the vid
Why are the dirt particles negatively charged?
"Foreign aid increases stability and makes the world a safer place." After decades and hundreds of billions of foreign aid the world is now increasingly less safe but ok.
nice!
Technically... Bill Gates is the 2nd richest man on earth. I believe the CEO of Amazon is now the richest. Still, very impressive.
You watch a video about water. . . . then bill gates shows up
Waterboy
Whats the product called?
I curious question, if theoratically earth had instead of water something like mercury as a main source of fluid, would life had evolved around mercury like it had with water?
Mark this is why absolutely love your content. You use it to spread awareness and trying to do your part of bettering the world. My hats off to you sir. I wish you luck and health throughout your life.
Nice vid
Ah, so you ARE still alive. Good to see you back, Mark!
BILLLLLLLLL!!!!!
Imagine the richest Man on earth ate the food you made
Thanks for this video :) !
UR MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER
The most influential video on my perspective of third world countries.
I love in Seattle.
@Mark Rober Have you ever looked in to the "lifestraw" and the science behind that. If you haven't it maybe worth checking out. Also i there a person who used something like this Product you showed in the video but he used it to clean a lake. to bring back a water source and a food.
Theres also this powder like thing that makes all of the dirt and bacteria float to the top and can be collected and disposed of and that makes it possible to clean big waters which has already been done by the man who invented it and is already moving on to bigger targets   https://youtu.be/UYj4f0WWOSo
I think ive seen something like this  a guy in china or india I forget where made it to clean  the ponds  and lakes
2105 comenet
"""where are my 20 bucks?"" 
-""mommy?"" xDD"
Awesome video and very important. Also I would like to see buy one of those blue bags but honestly 11:19 was the best part.
FINALLY........MARK UR BACKKKKKKKKKKK
He said he makes 12 videos a year. I heard 12 gifts a year. Thanks for making great videos Mark!
Wow imagine being the guy who ended up saving millions of lives just by doing his job
Jea meet bill gates, why not...
So with that stuff does it solidify the pollutants in the water?  also seen a video of the creator of that stuff purifying a pond near his home (think it was the creator)
17 thousand people who see the value in this video and 120 soulless shells. There is hope.
Rip curiosity
Legend, pulls up to the richest person's in the world house and makes pizza roles
I love how he can just get a meeting setup in bill gates' kitchen.
thats some good quality h2o
If only Mark knew that he was a few miles away from the Nintendo US HQ (as well as Xbox of course).
Such a good scientist
Does this work with ocean water?
Oh hi mark
He drank with a straw in the beginning and he sucked the stuff on the bottom
The argument that we should be interested in helping people who might be brilliant but have to use everything they can just to survive, is very powerful. It's also very true when considering how many of the 62 million people might have been brilliant contributors, but have been needlessly snuffed out in America since . . . Yeah, since abortion was legalized. Have we ruined our future? Something to think about. . .
Bill Gates on mark rober and elon musk on meme review.... I love the internet xD
The fluculant that's used in that powder might just be potassium aluminum or aluminum sulfate. Alum is already widely used i water treatment plants all over the U.S. it's on of the first chemicals, besides chlorine, that's added during the water treatment process. Pretty cool stuff!
After watching this I feel bill gates Gates doesn't know he's the richest man alive but just a regular guy who doesn't want  for anything. I like him
Bill Gates mr problem and solution guy.
Love the Gate's annual letter. It's always realistic, but hopeful. Seriously, go give it a read.
Excellent video Mark!! Informative, educational, and a great twist of the philanthropic at the end ;-)
Richest man alive eats pizza rolls (GONE WRONG) (GONE SEXUAL)
I wonder if it works with pee...
Daily dose of internet
So you just casually pop over to Bill Gates' house.
5:51 bill gates is not the richest man in the world Jeff Bezos is
safe drinking water, with chlorine in it?
If these cost a penny to make, I wanna see somebody pour thousands of packets into a truck and pour them into a very small lake
you jus collabed with bill gates... and you didnt bring that up in the title and thumbnail... u r so humble
Didn't Marino with a pdhd degree start it first?
Was the mars rover that went down the one you worked on
We helped Japan and we got anime, we need humanitarian aid!
9:43 What a legend.
Awesome Video Mark!
Is that where Marques Brown did his interview with Bill Gates cause when he came in it looked like the place where he did the interview cause of all the glass we could see
You have to do a colab with vsause
Great stuff!
* L O V E  D I C C S*
8:25 - plague inc gameplay ep 1
Why is dirt negatively charged? 4:06
When he said epidemic I shat myself
Or just buy a Lifestraw.
Just, Thank you.
You only make 12 vids a year? Why?
But isn't the "desinfection" still inside the water and can harm your inner bacteria?
Hi mark! You are such a huge inspiration. Keep making these amazing videos!
I just discovered that Bill Gates has a Youtube channel .
I love your channel I sooo good
"lol at foreign aid!!!!!!
yes lets aid them in buying guns
theres plenty of money there, the people just want to fight
send them all the free water packets, doesnt matter theyll just ruin it
stop giving people stuff, they just abuse it"
Everyone subscribe to this man..he truly deserves it
Trending in 3....2....
SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE CONSERVATIVES IN THE BACK!
Got a xBox ad before this vid.
That game at 8:25 is called Plaque Inc.
do 24 videos a year
What is the name of the powder
this is so epic
Love this channel yo, wish he was able to upload more. Like, it's so unique
12 videos a year
Mark is hott
nasty.
Omg Mark your niece is sooo cute
Mark Rober collabed with Bill Gates but Pewdiepie can't get Elon to host meme review.
That was brilliant. So cool that Bill Gates took the time to participate and that you got to meet him. Well done..!!!
Honestly I love your videos. They are pretty inspiring, I would love to take on a career path like yours, If not archaeology. I wish you would upload more, even though I know it takes a while to develop these videos. Also, How cool is it you got to see Bill Gates?!? Wow. Anyway, Have a Good day!
Such an inspiration
love it
wut..
This is a good video, but I suppose what you are saying that is that in the final analysis all these low IQ countries actually require a White man to come in and save them.  I guess it would be had for you to say that, but it is the truth.  OTHERWISE, these low IQ people would be inventing their own water purifying system packets.
It's Ben a month finally
This is why I want to be an engineer!!! I want to make an impact on the world! <3
Very very handsome
"I'm guessing the packets are made of plastic, where do they end up, my guess in third world countries that they end up in the rivers and oceans, and they break down and get into the food chain
How come they don't supply it in larger containers (like with bags of sugar), surely that would be a cheaper way"
Dude, everytime I watch something you uploaded I feel inspired again, sometimes I watch old videos and I don't get tired of them, thank you <3
what is the product called
thumbs down when i heard Procter and Gamble
"Anything that's biological living need water to survive 
Mentioned in Quran over 1000 years ago"
8:29 plague Inc?
BRAINPOWER O-oooooooooo AAAAE-A-A-I-A-U- JO-oooooooooooo AAE-O-A-A-U-U-A- E-eee-ee-eee AAAAE-A-E-I-E-A- JO-ooo-oo-oo-oo EEEEO-A-AAA-AAAA
First Captain D, now Mark. Wow.
"Q: how do you get holy water?
A: you boil the hell out of it!"
What is the powder called
Smartest person to ever live Mark Rober.
Thank you for your awesome Videos !!
uses plagued inc to show spread of disease
I wish you could post more your videos are awesome but I am just glad you can post at all
Congrats on 6 mill
LMAO!! This dude looked like my boy Dashie on the thumbnail.. Lol
Now we need a powder to turn swamp water into beer!
Holy crap how did you manage to meet the actual Bill freaking Gates.
GET OUT OF MY SWAMP
Can u post more plzzzz
Did Bill drink?
HYDRATE OR DIE!
"Where's my twenty bux?


MOMMY

6 million subscribers, congratulations Mark!
Why didn't the powder work properly when it was demonstrated in front of Bill Gates? (Just asking)
Plague Inc my guy
Congrats on 6 million
"The one problem with that product

The bag is made of plastic"
Epic
Simply amazing.
YES another vid
ooo white powder!
That's some quality H2O there.
"So nice of mister Gates to spend his time like that.
Props, Mark for pushing the bar of your channel."
Make more videos lol
The absolute madlad! You actually did it. Can't imagine what it was like to shake that mans hand
These packets are really cool, but why not just boil the water and collect the steam/vapor?
What a worthy flex of bill gates
Congrats on 6mil! @Mark Rober
What about the blue death feigning beetle? They can live long ranges of time without water!
"3:15 both aids AND hiv?!
WOW"
Congrats on 6 Mill subs
So whos the most intelligent person
I was eating pizza rolls when he posted
Love your videos! Your such an awesome guy, thank you for sharing your knowledge and creating awesome things. I always look forward to watching your videos!
probably the best channel on YouTube

Uses a plastic straw 

Nice communist music
One of the best videos I've seen in a while. Fascinating and addressing an important issue.
Man, your videos are amazing and you're super inspiring to me. Thank you for that!! <3
lmao Bill Gates just popped out of nowhere
Bill Gates ate pizza rolls
New life goal: meet the man, myth and legend Mark Rober.
Please just be my friend Mark. I am such a huge fan!
I think Stephen Hawking was the most intelligent, if he could live 10 years longer, maybe he could reveal 10's upon 100's of undiscovered or unknown mysteries that he maybe knew and Albert Einstein gave us perspective and knowledge on the daily basis and more advanced life (as i see it)
Start a donation to send these packs to a country
8:26 : It's the game: Plague Inc. Its really cool, you should play it.
"Come on, the richest guy watched this,





cough that's your cue u.s. government"





 Hint: it's not  Afrika or  asia"
Can we get like 500 pounds of that stuff and dump in the Ganges River
Bill give us banjo kazooie back.
I was expecting to get Shrek, but I got Bill Gates instead.
"P&G owns this...
MMMMMMHHHHH"
When i aw Bill I freaked
Did Mark Rober just met Bill Gates? Holy
BILL GATESSSSSS
Can this work for salt water?
U never mentioned how we can donate and or get these for people how need them. Someone plz answer
Only if that kid would put the phone down and look around he will be staring at a legend... nvm probably wouldn't even know who Bill Gates is
Mark, why didn't you pitch Bill Gates your heat map microwave when you tow ate these hot pockets?
I nearly fell off my chair laughing when the little girl responded to, "Where's my 20 bucks?" by turning and saying, "Mommy?"
How many of these countries have we saved in this way? How many of these countries that we've given all aid and resources have done anything to pick themselves up by the bootstraps? Are there any examples or is this just theories of progression that have NEVER happened... Sounds suspiciously like socialist propaganda.
love your videos
Nice to know that you came here in Seattle
I also once heard about a straw with a filter in it so using it you could drink from dirty water. Not sure if that idea took of.
I thought that when you meet him, you will just freak out like "omg, hey i'm happy to meet you" and stuff like that. But no just said "hi" and did a hand shake.
Can you make the world fastest rc car ever
DRINKING BLEACH TO WASH MY STOMACH
Anyone know if he profits from his merch? I wanna help support Mark, but outside of subbing, I don't see any way to.
how does someone just............ get a meeting with bill gates XD you just @ him on twitter and be like "Yeah hey you're like the richest man in the world and crap wanna drink dirt with me?"
how to get dysentery
This could save the 3.4 million people each year that die of contaminated water. That's a crazy thought.
Jeff besos is the richest tho
who tf are the 111 people who disliked this video
How can one dislike a video
This is a really bad video for me to watch after that Dupont documentary i watched yesterday :/
YES!
Mark Rober how did you become so smart, i also am very interested in becoming smart just like you but dont know where to start.
Damn the richest man on earth seems really nice (or is it Jeff bezos)
Mark, those 12 videos are some of the best times of my life
Shameless self promotion
I'm glad you mentioned that you only make a video a month! I wasn't aware of that and was worried about you ~ Take care, lovely!
Think about what happened to Japan America after the Second World War helped Japan and now its the centre of most good electronics
Can someone put up a go fund me to raise money for that water packet company?
5:51 second actually
It's not bad for you, I drink that kind of water anyway if I'm thursty
Mark you really do deserve more subscribers, you're an absolutely amazing person
"Give a man a fish, 
you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish,
you feed him for a life time"
Rip Mars Rover 2/15/2019
"THANK YOU SO MUCH I LOVE WATCHING YOUR VIDEOS!!!
CAN I BE IN ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS?"
Great video, cant believe you met up with Bill Gates
Nah bru, it was albert einstein :P
"2:50


(And we made every living thing from water, will they not then believe)"
Man you really like that song.
I love your amazing science videos
Broni live hear and my sister went to scool with his duaghter i didnt get to meet him y u no say hi
He collabed with bill gates and doesn't use that click bate.
Great points thank you!
8:23 plague inc.: evolved gameplay
Next step, make the packaging biodegradable/compostable if they aren't already.
Or they might discover oil deposits lol
Smartest person was Tesla
Im a few minutes in the video and i have a question. What would it take to work on a bigger scale why cant you just dump a bunch of that stuff in a pond or river or ocean and let the current and waves mix it and bam all the water is clean
Another 'selfish' reason to assist poor countries is that  someone else might help them first and then when they stabilize and build a military and are on the world stage, you don't want to be enemies.
6:20 OK BILL WHAT THE HECK????
Lowkey inspired by this
Great video
I love that you take the time to do videos like this that demonstrate the incredible things science is doing as well as keeping them fun and entertaining at the same time. Thank you
Sponsored by plague inc
Can I ask a legitimate question? How do you feel about the death of Ossy and what do you think Nasa will do in the future for Mars exploration?
Yay
Your content is unmatched Mark! Keep it up!
This man............. you, you actually collabed with bill gates..
Bill Gates is such a charming guy! (you too mark ;-))
You should get bill gates, Elon musk, and pewdiepie in a meme review
Hi
I wish you was my tutor
ayyy its mah bday
meets Bill Gates, cooks him pizza rolls.
Bill Gates is on a roll lately with YouTuber collaboration.
I did not know about this! Mark, I love your videos, and now your passion to do good things! Keep it up!
I love you
"This video is wrong on  so many levels. poverty does not cause crime.  

What is more ridiculous is Mark trying to make the argument that you have to give your stuff to 'them' for your own safety, otherwise, they will attack you?  Ironic to see a video explaining the 'good' in said actions to actually be a response to bigotry of low expectations and virtue signalling."
Well guys now we wait 1 month for a nother video
WTF YOU ACTUALLY FILMED WITH BILL GATES?!?!?!?!??!?!?!
The smartest person way Sir Isaac Newton
"Simply magic




*Science"
I need these to filter out my milo drink
You should have asked for a free computer or an xbox
Dang. I didn't expect to see bill gates! Mark Robert is now colabbing with Bill gates.
So far I've only watched this video on your channel and I subbed
One of the best 11minutes and 36 seconds I'v ever spent
Here before this is #1 on trending
Wait.... But.... HIV isn't a disease, it's the virus that causes AIDS, right?
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Another amazing video
"This is your IQ 
I love ya Mark! Thanks for all you do! Dream to meet you one day!
Man I'm so jealous I always wanted to meet Bill Gates. He's my idol
"I'm sure Bill Gates was dead... oh god, i'm experiencing the mandela effect  because i can swear that the man was dead.
And no, i'm not confusing him with Steve Jobs."
Make a video about the mars rover
That bill gates guy looks cool I hope he becomes successful
FINALY
Happy 6mill
"as I am going to say..


I learn more from you than in school"
Today I learned Mark plays Plague INC
And once life becomes too easy you get to worry about gender pronouns and microaggressions.
Lmao that gates guy doesent even wear airpods broke lmfao
3:27 Ben Shapiro?
Bill gates is population control.
You let this kids be in a video with you but what about some random guy on YouTube..? Ummmm... I am asking for a friend...
Wow bill gates now I guess you will go for Donald trump or Obama or Jeff bezos
"Mr. Gates...



To this day... An act to save the world is considered to do your part and support pewdiepie
#NAME?
And how can the refuse be used? Is it safe for like composting?
The ppl who disliked this vid are evil!!
You need to upload more!
Great stuff!
get woke go broke.  Sad to see mark head towards evil.
Great video u just got a new subscriber
"Sorry to tell u this but






BILL GATES IS NOT THE RISHEST PERSON"
I LOVE HIS VIDSSSS
Name dropping Nintendo at Bill Gates. Bold move haha!
That us INCREDIBLY cool!
Is that old ksi at 10:35 lol
YES FINALY A NEW VIDEO!!!!!!!!
3:18 aren't HIV and Aids the same thing?
"You are not only an amazing engineer, but most importantly an incridible human being!!
Keep up the good work.
Much love from Brazil <3"
that's really neat, but I would have liked to hear some more details of what it can and what it can't do. it takes out particulate matter and bacteria? does the chlorine kill viruses? it surely doesn't remove dissolved toxins like pesticides and heavy metals, right? so it's sort of a simpler alternative to boiling and super fine filtration?
isnt that the same guy that said he wants to reduce population growth and that population growth is the single biggest threat of humanity? ha.
Best video ever collab with bill gates and something that can save the world
he is not the riches man on earth
You collab with bill gates and didnt put him in the thumbnail... that just showes that you are not doing it for clout but just because you really want to help get the message out
9:48 I got a laugh there :v
Love you
"This is making the world better!
When the video with Elon Musk?
Bill Gates. Respect 100
Mark did you get a haircut?
Mark rober more like no
8:26 I didn't know that you play Plague.inc xd
Pure wholesomenes
Mark needs to become president
Hey mark where can i buy this powder
Mark Rober hits us again with an amazing video epic style.
Nice job on 6 million subs!
If Mark Rober can collab with Bill Gates, pewdiepie can collab with Elon Musk
You need to remember you still need to boil the water to kill the bacteria and viruses.
I live in Seattle
Highest quality content in the whole YouTube
Bro... you shouldn't drink that water. I mean, yes, the powder does get rid of debris and dirt but the bacteria is not affected at all by this. Look at that water under a microscope, I assure you, that water is still dirty as hell.
"Man, this video is amazing. You, Mark Rober, are amazing, and Bill Gates, is awesome. I had my first round interview for Microsoft France (because I'm french, nobody's perfect!) and I'm just glad I applied to this man's company more than other ones. 
I heard about P&G water purifier thing but I never looked deeper into the issue because of the comfort I live in (which is basically a European country...) and it's this kind of content that brings me back to reality.

Thanks Mark and Gates! :)"
6 mil
"Where's my 20 dollars?
...mommy
MARK: unzips pants"
Awesome video!  Had no ideas this existed.
jilly juice
Wow, i really, really love your content <3
Amazing video, Mark. These awareness videos are important and I'm glad you provide us with this know.
This is the perfect Personal Project (IB).
Bill aint the richest my guy.
You collabed with Bill Gates? Can anyone do that?
"99.999% of viruses and germs"
"I'm sorry did you just get Bill Gates to admit we need Nintendo? Microsoft admits defeat!

Also why did Jeff Bezos let Bill Gates into his kitchen? Pretty nice of the worlds richest man to help out less fortunate folks like Bill though."
"You: who is the most intelligent person who ever lived

Me: Me. Duh."
This guy is going to help so many people one day
2nd richest person
Save lives to make big bucks!
2:00 :)
Those countries in the east are better off after WW2 because they accepted free trade
how can be every video you release so extremely great? And one question: what do you think about the oportunity rover?
I think with a large enough audience, Bill Gates will appear on anything
Is people like you that gives me hope for the future and for humanity, keep the great job and thanks
Thoughts on the mars rover losing connection? I thought it was super sad.
Yess
he isnt rich he doesn't wear airpods
I want to drink the dirty watar
You should make a video on the best way to make a popsicle stick bridge
always happy to see an update from you
9:43 Awww
Bill mother-frickin Gates
Hey dude i love your videos you work so hard for us and you want ro help the next generation and entertain us and you always want to make the world a better place thank you
<3
That was great!  Hats off to your excellent quality videos.
I gess it's not that hard to contact Bill Gates
"You are absolutely correct about the people in these nations not being able to use their intellect just because they are busy getting clean water for themselves.....
Its kind of same in india in villages and less developed towns but i expect india to be completely different 100 years from now....
You r doin a good job Mark Rober....
#SpreadingAwareness"
All those flavors of LaCroix!!
I live in Seattle
you made Nintendo references to the owner of Microsoft, those who make Xbox haha
Bill Gates is the most humble Billionaire ever
Why did 600 people dislike this vid?!
He's actually a professional Bill Gates impersonator
Your a beast love your brain
"2:52 
""And We have made from water every living thing""
-The holy  Quran,  1400 years ago"
Great video Mark! Keep making awesome content that's both educational and altruistic. We should all try to use our energy and effort the same way you do. Thank you!
YOU FREAKIN MET BILL GATES
Very cool video
Can you please talk about more Science Olympiad events? I think lots of people would watch the video and it could spark interest in science. (Also I want help on my events)
this is what the water plant uses for our water right?
Happy 6 mil Mark
"First MKBHD and now Mark Rober gets an interview with Bill Gates!!!?
When's it my turn!?"
Dang it. He came to Seattle and I didn't even know!
Amazing video, thanks for making it., keep the videos coming And I can't believe there are people downvoting a video like this. Just curious if any of the downvotes could explain why I'll appreciate it.
Pls make more vids pls
Defloculant!
Also developed countries rely heavily on poor nations natural resources and pay very little for them keeping them constantly in a desperate state. It's only fair for them to get aid when they need it.
Yea mark looks like bill opened the gates!
Always making the best videos
Inspiring.
How about taste lol
Absolute mad lad...
A bit of a random question but what kind of longboard is that on your wall?



."
I hear that music everywhere
We actually talked about this in my AP Environmental Science (APES) class last week!
is it weird to say i never want bill gates to die? i just think he is suuuuper nice.
Man your so awesome
2:09 what was that
so cool, that you met bill gates :D
Kangaroo rat can go a whole life cycle without water because of its diet
I LOVE PIZZA ROLLS
The people that gave a dislike are bacterias
You are easily My favourite tuber. One reason is that I Love technology, physics and chemistry.
All the world needs is just 8 billion dollars for building up a wall with Mexico
This is beautiful
HE POSTED?!?!
2:34 me when I lose a bet
You should really post more vids, you are an inspiration. I know that your vids take long, but in the end there always good. Keep up the good work.
Water bending ability
I waited so long and am happy with the video thanks mark
Uuum. Cool!
Bill Gates host MEME REVIEW!!
Just get a fleet of 1000 crop dusting planes to spray this powder in all poor areas ezpz
You are simply amazing Mark. I aspire to be impactful in such a smart way, yet kind and compassionate to help the world.
That was a good video
You should collab with smarter everyday! I noticed you have the same music as him
your gonna save the world my dude
Im surprised you didnt say anything about the mars rover (next video?)
Imagine meeting a man who earns $100 plus a second and making him sausage rolls :L
the richest man in the world eats pizza rolls
I hate Windows but Bill Gates is a legend
I feel like you should post more but, the quality of video is just so great that it's worth the wait every month
But did he drink it tho?
8:29 plague inc xddd
Did this guy just meet bill gates for a youtube video?
mark how do you feel about the mars rover and are you proud of the accomplishments it made??
Awesome video mark. Cant wait till next months video!
Alright now back to waiting a whole month again...
This is  awesome, well done mark!
This video is amazing! Thank you for making it and showing what may be trivial to us is a daily struggle to others.
What about the chlorine? It's toxic.
77 thumbs down? Who are these heartless monsters?
Upload more times a year pleaseeee
It is really epic that Bill Gates has reached out to youtubers to get an audience to learn about thease issues. I remember that lastvyear the bill and melinda foundation sponsored lots of youtubers but this is deffinatley better
I really appreciate that, despite being one of the richest men in the world, Bill Gates can still be so down to Earth.
do it with urin
So cocaine is the way to save the planet?
I wouldnt be surprised if you could make that powder yourself! Great work mark!
**DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME UNLESS YOU ARE MARK**
I've been procrastinating my chem homework for the last hour and a half, floating around youtube, and i thing i just found the inspiration to make it happen. Thanks Mark. -Austin
Does it work with sea water?
Great video Mark. I just wish you had gotten footage of Bill drinking the water.
"For the 1% of people who see this comment I just wanted to tell you



I'm not one to normally comment on YouTube videos, in fact I dont think I ever have commented anything worthwhile on a video before.  I have watched dozens of your videos Mark, and I must say every single one has fascinated me.  I dont know if you are even capable of reading all these comments (as of now there are 1.4k of them), but you are an absolutely inspiring individual.  Teaching science, creativity, free thinking, in ways that viewers don't even realize they are being educated, you have created a series of videos that will absolutely impact viewers to learn, to create, and to think for themselves.  In a world ravaged by "headline readers", "lemmings", and the uninspired, you offer a shining example.  Thank you Mark Rober, for using your abilities to do what you do!  Individuals like you give me hope for the future of our society.
6:20 im so immature
This is inspiring. Im currently in High School and I would just like to say that I will try my best to contribute to the betterment of this generation and the ones after it.
Well as long as you dont go Vegan lol
Also put bill gates meet up pic on your video thumbnail And see the magic
Hi
How do you contact all of these scientists and other people?
The richest man in the world and not even a single loui belt in sight.
awesome vid with mr. gates
6 million holy f*ck
RIP Opportunity :(
Awesome
Mark even though you post like once a year i love the content you make
ProleteR yeh!
Mark rober= 100000000000000/10
I beleve this is the best like dislike ratio of every video ive watched
Any Mark Rober video, has my full attention
Now I know what to stock up on when it comes to the end of the world lmao
Mark Rober reminds me of Ben Platt.
"I didn't even know anyone could drink swamp water
Thank you very cool"
Waiting for bill gates to comment
I really think we should help developing countries, but not through the government.
I can't watch Bill Gates without thinking about Nathan for You
This is quality content
How did it feel standing next to 86 billion
2:36 AHAHAHAHAHA MEEEEE
I remember have seen about these packages a few years ago. It's is so inspiring to see how you use your platform to create awareness about problems that affect the global population such as access to potable water. Keep it going, you're awesome.
Put a link in the description to buy it I want to buy it
Rip Mars Rover it lasted 15 more years than expected. Thank you mark
went from some cute kids to bill gates... lmao
Where do you get those?
Mark, thank you! I have not put a like on a video in a long time. Your videos are always refreshing and show the potential we could all have with better creativity and inspiration. Welcome back :)
Billam Gateson plays Kahoot
A really great video. I am so glad they didn't try and make money off of this stuff. Bill Gates is a really good guy. He takes the money that he has made and helps people. You don't see that from the super rich. I agree completely with all your points. If everyone could do 1 thing to help someone or something this world would be a better place. Thank you.
8:24 - 8:30 that's a game called  plague inc
So we saw Bill Gates eat his first pizza roll.
9:39 lol
Nice
I mean.. this is the standard procedure for pool cleaning...
"Give a man, a fish, and you had fed him for a day. 
Teach a man to fish... and he will void the seas of life."
how much are theres little packets
Imagine meeting with bill gates and not click baiting it 10/10 content creator here
Imagine putting a life time supply of that powder inside the ocean
No matter how much powder you put in there to remove the impurities, boiling is a very important step to ensure that the water is safe to drink.
There was still some dirt that was still atop the water while you were with gates. Did that ever go down or is it common for there to be remnants remaining where the clean water is? A great product nonetheless.
(Ft. Bill Gates)
Congrats on 6mil
Does this work with saltwater?
i think the problem with those places are over population ..they need to stop breeding if theres no resources  .
"6:56
Use captions"
Would this separate salt from water as well? Not likely, right?
8:27 Plague Inc. Evolved
First MKBHD, and now Mark Rober?? Mr. Gates is on a roll!!
I love you even more for putting a Scene of Wall-E in this Video.
Congrats on 6 mil subs
Leonardo D
Hell yea
Next Video: next year
12 videos a year of epic quality
LOL @2:33 - 2:36. Sounds about right
what about the cost of production of the powder, from the environmentl point of view?
Teaching the kids the important stuff 2:00
OwO
Where can we buy and support this company?
This video was so cool! Big fan Mark!
you just met bill gates, thats cool asf
Was I the only one who noticed how many drinks bill gates has in that fridge thing
9:34 Wait for it
How does one even collab with Bill Gates
NICOLA TESLA WAS THE SMARTEST PERSON EVER SO SAID ALBERT EINSTEIN
Mark Rober for president 2020
Sadly, Trump supporters who don't believe in Climate change would have already ruined the environment before we can make any change
I applaud you for making science so interesting to me! In my science class we barley learn anything...
You inspire me Mark. Thank you for being you !
i love the thought that you wanna changed the worl soo much.  I have the colpetely same opinion on everything you said :)
Okay, convincing.
Most of youtubers would have put in the title "I MET BILL GATES"
U met bill gates what r ur connections
11:22 do it. now
Thats cleaner than my bottled water lol
Congrats on 6 Million subscribers!
Pushing that illuminati agenda
Is the powder harmful?? to drink with water
This video is really inspiring, Mark. Thanks so much for showing this to the world.
just casually speak to bill gates in the middle of a video without making it the focal point of the whole thing. You know, common occurence
Oh Hi Mark.......
Is this safer than the life straw?
"Plague inc.: 
        - Great Example
        - Cheap"
8:24 Canada's the last country I'm saved
for the 50+ people who disliked this video, I hope you drink infected water, get poisoned and die
Great video, Mark! Keep up the awesome work, and thanks for sharing your knowledge with us in such an entertaining way.
Congrats on 6m Mark, love your videos!
Gadderaid
This was such a great video!
your dead
i love all the videos you make. i remember you made 2 videos in one month and i was SHOCKED
Did u tell bill to take xbox live for fortnite and apex legends
Still more than ceeday lmfao
"""No exceptions to this rule...""


Tardigrades... BOOM where's my 20 bucks?"
i love what you do and do i love your videos. keep it up :)
I ran here so fast that I almost tripped and died
This product was doing well untill uncle Bill showed up. Something tells this product is not right.
I thought this was clickbate, then I realised its you
However if we help india too much, tseries will surpass pewdiepie
I see your video I click on it 100 ms
There's one problem with all of this that's completely left out of the equation, overpopulation and scarcity of resources.
Congrats on 6 million subs
lol
Soo, Bill is starting a campaign on youtube, here, on MKBHD. Where next?
I like that u make a video with Bill Gates and not even clickbating about it
Is that safe for aquariums ?
Why does the aid have to be state (with strings) funded though? Are we bot privilaged and wealthy enough to voluntarily donate?
5:53 2nd richest Jeff bezos has a lot more just saying
Tip tap. Wheres my hat?
"Me when I see a Mark Rober Video

I see it I like it I want it I got it"
ooOoOOOOOoOh looks like chocolate milkshake
Guys, do you want to see how much does a ladyboy cost in Manila, Philippines? Then take a look on my channel ;)
How do you feel about opportunity going dead
I am glad that I am subscribed to this guy
Progressively farming reality is what the top 0.0001 percent do. What about you?
8:25 plague inc hahah
He has one of Elon Musk's flamethrowers lol
You should make something that you put on your TV, iPhone or iPad that lets you smell what they are smelling
Does it also kill bacteria? Or do you still need to boil it/purify it?
Would this work with salt water?
Cool
Such a cool jacket i want that so much
Hi im so fann
hiiii
You're hands down my favorite Youtuber. I wish I had an uncle/teacher like you when I was growing up. Those kids are lucky to have you to teach them!
Plague.inc
No way you got to met bill gates
Its amazing how talented you are, and how you take time to share your talents even with young kids. You are proof that STEM is alive and well.
You really got to meet one of my biggest idols in my hometown. Wow.
Where do i buy it if is shipps to serbia whold like to try it??
jeff bezoz is accually the richest man on earth
Mark, is there anywhere we can possibly purchase these packets to then be sent out to these developing countries?
Why only 12. Vids a year
A youtuber with the name called mark rober dies of parasites in the body, march11, 1980,Feb15, 2019
Is no one else going to comment on the woman expertly balancing a huge basket on her head as she's walking through the marketplace at 8:05 ?!
Phenomenal video. This should be a non-partisan no-brainer.
Isn't Bezos the richest man on Earth?
Congrats on 6mil subs!
This video is truly incredible, we all love what you do Mark your viewers all love what you do keep it up!
You make only 12 videos a year . I DIDNT KNOW THAT.
Keep up the good work i hope you make 24 vids per year
"Mark Rober is easily one of the most respected youtubers on the platform.

Bill Gates is easily one of the most respected billionaires ever.

What a collaboration."
Um how about clean the drinking water in Los Angeles before cleaning the water in India or Nigeria
I haven't drank water in 15 years
The title should be the same except instead of the world it's pewdiepie
Make a robot that can solve a puzzle by itself
Mark i know you wont read my comment but i asked my school if i can say something about science i showed a bunch of your videos and i got to be the pupil of the year so Mark thank you very much.
one of the children has got the same wellinttons as me
Why all youtubers are now coloaborating with bill gates
i feel like bill gates is such a chill cool guy
2:30 nice waterboy reference XD
wtf are you talking about? The Albert Einstein thing made absolutely no sense you moron.
Inspector calls
RIP Curiosity
I thought joakim karud made the song 'dizzy' not Andrew applepie...
Make a robot that can solve a puzzle by itself
I saw about this yesterday
You also could have mentioned developed countries are better for the environment.
God I love your channel Mark, truly I do :)
Looks like some one plays plague inc
Congratulations on 6 million subscribers!!!
"Why 12, you have potential to make 
more."
nice video. thank u
8:50 ps4 is better than xbox confirmed o.0"
Ooh merch I have To get one for my dad who is a huge fan..... okay maybe one for me
Donkey- stares from a distance*...
probably my favourite youtuber. i watch lot of various stuff,but everytime i see your name i see the video and i was NEVER disappointed. keep up the awesome work!
Great video its Nice to see and i cant belive you just had a convensation whit Bill Gates and you Got him to Eat pizza rolls  hello from Denmark
I think an argument for Nikola Tesla to be the smartest man
I still wouldn't drink it without boiling it first.
Wait, can we pour this into small ponds and then will it be drinkable???
"You are really intelligent- Mark Rober.
And you did't tell me say that."
Are you serious you met freaking bill gates
ONLY HALF THE TITLE SHOWED UP ON MY NOTIFICATION AND I THOUGHT IT READ "TO SAVE PEWDIEPIE"
Mark each time a watch one of your videos I learn so much and become inspired and I assume everyone else also does and I believe one person who you have inspired will go on to do something great for our planet so thank you for this each and and every month
Mark plays Fortnite confirmed
Do you think you could do a video setting up and explaining hydroponics for sustainable food?
time to chug a nice glass of water
I feel like I was just watching a video then forced a belief into my mouth
It's weird, even if the water that turns from 100% bacteria turns to 100% drinkable water, I still wouldn't drink it.
I just wanted to comment something
Hello mark
Bill gates is nicer than what people say
What a beautiful video!
Super amazing video very inspiring
Im shocked everyone said albert ainstein(misspelled it) and not Isaac newton or Aristotetle Archimides
"Bill Gates had a solution,






He's going to buy Indonesia, boom done"
Happy 6 million!
You didn't drink the water in front of bill... why?
Damn.
<insert crab rave>
Wow!
Awesome video man, absolutely loved it
76 parasites have disliked this
Shrek wants to know your location
Mahrk Wobah
Bill gates seems so... chill?
6mil subs
You need to do a video on chlorine toxicity.
YOU ARE SO AWESOME MARK!!!! Thank you for shedding some light in some days of dark in the world. Very inspiring!
I did a project on Bill Gates he's a very good man.
Meh. Just met bill gates.... what ever.
your shits great
The fact I have the same microwave as bill gates but poor af compared to him quite interesting.
only 12 videos a year woah
Thank you for making this video. It is inspiring and I enjoyed watching it.
Inspiring everytime!
You could be my science teacher
Those are like %100 bai Juice bottles with the label slid off
Hi
"""So where's my $20 bucks?""

""...moommyy!?"""
Two thousand  comment
Slippin' on straight chlorine
To be successful enough to be able to just phone up Bill Gates...
I just shared this with 38 people! Love what you do and how you do it Mark!
I just came and nailed the counter on 70,000 views :)
Hello I have a project that is hard to do by my own and I need some one to help and I think you are the most qualified person to help me and you can make it a video or videos
Mark is the best YouTube on YouTube
We gatta get this global
If I saw bill gates like u I would freak out
"You should add Bill Gates to the title!
Also, that powder is amazing!  Wow.  Your videos are always so worthwhile.  I always feel good after watching them."
AND HES BACK!
"oh, Proctor and Gamble, the same who pulled the Gillette ad on us, i guess now they have to make a little PR stunt to improve their stock they ""just happen"" to come up with this idea,
and as it's used all over the third world, i'm sure there's no added goodies like sterilisation going on or anything huh"
8:25 plague Inc.?
Sick vid
*casually eats pizzarolls with Bill Gates *
People are saying that Shrek will be mad by trespassing in his swamp, and nobody's talking about how they're messing with his water in the swamp.
Hi Mark
Next video you should meet and talk with Elon musk
What happens if you throw some of that stuff into a gallon of milk? Or beer?
Next we need to figure out how to do this with salt water
It's a good day when Mark uploads
Yay finally a new video why didn't you make a video last month?
Appreciate Bill for shouting out Sony even though Microsoft is in competition with them.
Bill Gates literally finishes the interview with  MKHBD and comes in to talk to Mark.
nice
Mommy
This is amazing
"dont mind me...just waiting for the ""ALBANIA SHOULD'NT GET THE PACKETS""comments from the angry serbs






4:51"
6:20 WHAT???
I will never understand why would someone dislike a video like this one.
I don't usually bother liking videos, but this is one the world needs to see.
Ok I get it that can get the particulates to drop out of the solution but how do you get the now cleaner water out of the container. Do you siphon it out into a clean container? What about heavy metals or other contaminates?
Make more videos please i love your videos
That's Shrek's water. It's normal for him
Cool video
unrelated to the video but I love plague inc.
Keep it up Mark. Your vidoes are amazing
Great Video about an important topic
So cool great focal point for a video
It's a statistical fact that the smartest ethnicities are Japanese, Jews and Germanic tribe descendants who have thrived and prospered thru several adversities over thousands of years
I have done many homestays in Madagascar and seeing the disgusting stuff they drink makes me sick but this could really save a lot of people around the world.
You look like kid with that cap
what's the shelf life for those packets?
Holy crap.
Bezos is richer
Wisest man to ever live?.... King Solomon
whats with the camera glitch at 2:14??? Really makes me think one of those bottles are just edited in.... except I don't see why anybody would need to do that. (unless this magic powder doesnt exist)
Well, where can I buy those packets?
Nice! use plauge Inc to explain disease.(also loves vid)
Great video love your content keep it up
Too bad you explained to us what Bill told you, rather than simply having Bill enumerate.
"....mommy"
Science RULES.
BILL GATES THE BURGER GUY
"Most beautiful things in life are simple, as they are for everyone

Thankyou for making a video on most important simple thing water.

Your videos give me science butterflies. <3"
If you want to safe the world and not its population.... Just let us all die. Then the world is safe.
Congrats on 6 mil! It did not seem so long ago that we were celebrating 1 mil...
Pack of 12 costs $20 and a case of 240 costs $100. If you want to prepare for a natural disaster or a SHTF situation, buy a water filter... like the Sawyer or Life Straw. They're cheaper and will last MUCH MUCH longer.
Actually can't some archabacteria live without water
GET OUT OF MY SWAAAAMP!
Good video.
Congrats on the 6,000,732 subscribers to be exact mr smart math science guy
12 videos a year all 12 of them go viral every time! Youtuber of the year!!
Your buddy Bill was a surprise in this video!
"When Mark drops a vid i get the excitement I do when idubbbz drops one, for completely different reasons, nonetheless, 100% entertaining. As usual, this one didn't disappoint!  Favorite part....Mark: ""ok, wheres my $20"", Girl reaches out hand: ""Mommy"" lolol. 


Great video man."
Love your channel you're making a difference.
Love your videos
Wait, why no one is mentioning what he said at 6:22 ? :DDD
Casually calls bill gates
Gaets 2019 annual letter lol
That's great! But still the biggest problem is people believing in mythical creatures like "allah". Atleast in eurasia!
Congrats for 6 mil subscibers!
Love you i also want to bacome a scientists im 10 btw
Not sponsored by Plague Inc. XD
So you are saying that there is about one video each month
Mark Rober can probably build his own rocket ship and go to space without anyone knowing
This video give me Faith in Murica <3 Love u.
p&g is just trying to wash their name clean
Great video! Hello from Indonesia!
It is so heartwarming. I love your vids
Congrats on 6mil subs!
If more successful people were like Bill Gates, the world would be a much better place.
"6:22
Thanks Bill... XD"
@Mark Rober, what is the difference between This powder and the one made by that Japanese dude that cleaned a contaminated water source?
Colt 45 two zig Zags....
You talked to Bill Gates!!!
If you had mentioned "with Bill Gates", you would have gotten x10 more views.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH MY SWAMP
2:22 when he was drinking his straw was touching the dirt
You are so cool. You meet the richest man on Earth wearing a backwards hat and you serve him pizza rolls while explaining how to basically save the world.
You know what I love about this? There was no bill gates in the thumbnail or the title. Kudos.
What a great product!  Thank you for featuring it Mark!  That is incredible!
What are these packets called?
bill gates appear to be a humble man. nice video, mark!
Bill Gates has arguably done more actual immediate helping of people in need than almost anyone on the planet. The man has changed the landscape of technology in the modern world and then by choice decided to save the world. Amazing that I remember at the year 2000 when everyone saw him as the villain and Steve Jobs as the good guy. How wrong were we?!
You went to school with my teachers :)
THIS IS HUGE OMGGGGGG WHAT
this dude interviewed bill gates and didn't put it in the thumbnail or title,true Youtuber
mark rober is so cool
"Mark rober : searches how to make a bomb (to save the world)
Fbi : oh nice save bro go ahead"
BUT IF YOU GET A POOR COUNTRY ALOT OF MONEY THEN THEY WILL ATTACK WITH EVEN LARGER AMOUNTS OF FIRE ARMS
Bill gates is a puppet used by the elite.
K
Is this real or is it a prank vid like the glitter bomb one?
Trying to convince my science teacher to play marks vid...
Did you know that a man cleaned his village lake with this stuff .
Science!
6:22 someone please clip that
I didn't know mark only make 12vids a year lol
I actually did a research paper on neglected tropical diseases it is actually really crazy you should check it out.
But does it work with salty water?
yay a new video!!!
I love how you did this video right after you had one go viral.
6,000,000!!
So do they sell these at mark up in wealthier countries? If they don't that wouldn't be a half bad idea.. if they sell them to poor countries for a loss it could make up for the fear of lost funding and help build production. I know that preppers and hikers would buy those things by the pallet.
Why bill gates is not our president
Is it me or is Bill looking more and more like Hugh Hefner as he ages?
It's crazy to think how advanced our world society as a whole could become if we had access to ~1 billion minds, that don't have to worry about surviving  for most of their lives.
Ahh the quality side of YT
Yay new video
"Those packets are awesome... This video was as well, great job.
I live by the motto... Don't feed wild animals because they won't know how to feed themselves."
that's some high quality H2O
Welcome back
"You are the best and real politician i see in world
Because
this was not the best video to watch while eating... oh well
You're a good man Mark.
Assuming all humans are of equal intelligence
Epossum
YOUR. BACK!!
what would happen if you poured an absurd amount of that stuff into like a pond?
Bill Gates, what a man to ask. He has billions and gives billions.
Did you know while Bill was talking amd standing he earned more money than u would earn in a month
GET out OF me SWAMP
Why do you have a boring company flamethrower in the background?
Bill gates there is a prince in a far off country and you are his only living relative all you need to do is give me your credit card information to help him (this is obviously a joke dont hurt me D=)
Bill gates kinda sounds Chinese...
"I like how for the epidemic graphic he used a Plague Inc time lapse
Great vid, keep up the good work."
8:24 That Plague Inc. gameplay though.
Bill gates the MS guy
5:50 For the record, Gates isn't the "richest man on planet earth". He has a pathetic $96 billion, making him second to Jeff Bezos.
"NASA
NASA
NASA
NASA
NASA"
Rip Mars Rover. Sorry for your loss Mark
"I have a great idea

In the fall, pour a bunch of this in a uninhabited pond and let it freeze in winter, then, let it melt in the spring and drink it"
Enriching the lives of your neighbors enriches the life of yourself.
BILL F*CKING GATES!!!
Ew
never noticed you only post 12 times a year or once a month. time really flies!
9:55 thisssssss
I always get excited to see your inspiring videos whenever they come out!
I'm here before 10million views
Bill Gates is my hero
Hey mark, I love your videos and am an aspiring engineer, but I'm having problems in my math class, do you have any suggestions on things I can do to improve.
THIS D00D MET BILL FRUKING GATESGSISKSBEVSJDNBDEHOSKSVDJKSL
You need to upload more
Why does he keep talking about Nintendo? Bill gates is Microsoft!
congrats on 6 milion
8:25 if you know, you know
6 million subs!
If you asked me who the most intelligent person was, I'd say Isaac Newton.
6:22 lmao
This needs to be trending
You can live a lot longer than 3 weeks without food. Search water fasts.
Every new vedio of yours is better than the last
amazing video
Can we get an F for Opportunity :(
WHY DOES HE NOT HAVE A SAMSUNG SMART FRIGDE?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!/!?!?!?!
Very inspiring video, thanks Mark!
Once again, Mark Rober, making an effort to save the world.
That amazing. It's amazing that youtakethe time to talk about this
I kept seeing the original video all over Instagram and I really wanted to know if it was real! Thank you!
So proud of you
Isn't Jeff Bezos the richest man in the world now?
Kurzgesagt - A selfish argument to make the World a better place
My man Mark Rober gets the leader of the Xbox gang #PS4Sux
Opportunity tribute in your next video? I know you only worked on Curiosity but I think that it's significant nonetheless.
Happy 6 Millon subscribers.
Hi subscribe
Assholes disliked this video
I have so much respect for you! You seem like a really good person, AND you even had Bill Gates in the video, and you did not put him in the thumbnail or title.
Lifestraw
LOL
Mark Rober!!!!! Yay love the videos!!! So glad to see you again!
"What's that?
2:30"
"2:33
""Thats some high quality H20""
Every time you release a video its a stark reminder that you are easily the best content creator out there and we don't get enough of you.
You  should do a teen/kids engineering projects idea
"Bill gates isn't the richest man on planet earth.
That would be Jeff Bezos"
"Where did u get those packets?

1 in 6 people do not have access to clean drinking water"
It just seems like a bad thing to me... People are multiplying on a very huge rate and if we save more.. more trouble appears... by 2020 there will be around 1E10 people on this planet which jus brings up a lot of other issues.. and it will drain more water than it should.. dont get me wrong.. i am pro life but the amount of people is just ridiculous
It doesn't make it clean. Bacteria is still in the clean part too.
What about Stephen Hawkings Mark
rip mars rover
For science!!!
Delete this before the Illuminati find you
How does he make money
Thought I was getting Smarter Every Day with that music!
another time a phil gives us an amazing invention
Mark, you really are an inspiration.   I've been watching your videos with my son's.   I'm hoping some of your messages rub off on them.  Keep up the good work my friend.   I am always looking forward to your next video.
Bill Gates is callabing with everyone!
just realized you post once a month
Yaya yay you posted after 1 month
Hi
Awesome video.
Doesn't that only get rid of debre and not things like viruses and other things like heavy metals?
Yay this is awesome
When you believe nigtendo does good in the gaming world crying laughing emoji
Mark we all know you stole that $20 off that kid lol
6:22 is lit if out of context.
"OMG .....

The Bill Gates....
Damn.....

I laughed at the "" mom..... "" 
though....
You know that there are bacteria which survive for days in chlorinated water and trinking chlorinated water is not as healthy as clean fresh H2O?
U should come to England for red nose day in march
You rocked it mark. Im so glad this was the follow up video to the glitter bomb virality. Excellent way to use your voice.
I want to be a mechanical engineer and help people just like Mark!
Nice video Mark!
"mommy" -funny child
Love mark rober best youtuber everrrrr
I thought you were talking about soda
See you all next month
I've been checking every day to see if you posted and you finally did
Congrats on 6 million!
By ridiculous you mean awesome?
Rip Mars rover
One of my friends at school was talking about your glitter bomb to stop porch pirates
more vids pls
Thank you for this video I agree one charity I know of is hadi180 they have seven people and some high schoolers but they have giant hearts
The inventor of this powder deserves to earn a noble prize
I wasn't expecting to see Bill Gates in this video! Keep up the good work and keep doing what you love Mark!
Wish Mark made more than 12 videos a year
WOOT
I wouldn't mind some of that powder, since I don't have access to clean drinking water regularly...
6:22 6:22 6:22 6:22 6:22 6:22 6:22
I've been waiting for this :)
You mean 2nd Richest man on earth. Jeff Bezos
gags
Doesn't even mention Bill Gates in the title. Marc, you are a hero!
Last video on mark rober channel
My man at 8:05 has like 20 pairs of shoes...but yet he's barefoot .....wth?
Bill Gates chill af
Did you watch one strange rock on netflix really cool docuseries
That Bill guy is pretty cool! He should make a company
8:28 hold up isn't that the game Plague Inc.
Who caught the Waterboy quote?
Good job P&G for making this!!
I was the first picture of bill gates, and went, "hey that guy kinda looks like a young bill gates"
Help the homeless in your own neighborhood before helping the 3rd world, that will have a more direct impact on your safety.
Whats up with all the videos with Bill Gates coming up? What is that mad genius up to?!
This man is amazing.
Of course bill gates is in this video!
6 millions!!!
So now I expect a collab with Elon Musk .-.
I thought that the title meant that you would drink all of the dirty water so no one else would have to
Big boy game moves
awesome
Bill ate a pizza roll
Hi
Einstein may not have been the smartest man to live, but he did support the ideas that could let that potential intellect currently wasted become realized.
"Now we drink"... and then no drinking?
"It's worth nothing that a lot of ""developing"" nations were actually doing perfectly fine until the West came along.

For example, India, where we killed around 44 million people by simply just taking their food.

Countries like India are SLOWLY Improving, but one off the biggest ways is the fact we still exploit them to this day. Low pay. Forcing developing nations to not adopt higher safety standards. Etc.

Bill is no philanthropist. No one in the west is. We're simply treating the people we royally screwed with a bare minimum of pity."
Hands down my favorite Youtube channel.
What if someone poured a bunch of this powder in a muddy river?
Really , Mark ! Seeing you and your videos are an inspiration to people like us !  It helps ...
9:54 we all know that the earth is flat ! dont hide the truth  !
Science is awesome
Well done Mark Rober.... Well Done!!!
Oh just, y'know. Bill fricken Gates
2:10 did anyone else get a leag or something at that part?...
"8:30 Shows Plague Inc. XD.

Mark, you are a god."
Hi love your vids
Still glad I'm subbed to this channel
Agreed, thats really all that needs to be said.
I love Mark Rober so much! He has made me love science even more then I already did!
This just goes to show how humble Mark Rober is. He meets Bill Gates and doesn't even put it in the title! Barely anyone on the platform would do that nowadays
Mark rober may we ask you to review MEMES with PewDiePie
This channel is so genuine
If this was any other ytber the title would be I MET BILL GATES (Notclickbait)
OMG its BILL GATES!!!!!!!
Plague inc lol
I'm sad that you only post once a month but when you do post you have quality content!
Make  a iron man suit if you can plz or a auto aiming paint gun
That's amazing
Did you even ask him about the next endows os
Brilliant video
4:26 could someone explain this part to me? They form bigger chunks but that shouldn't affect the density, right? Is it the Floculant that changes the density?
Hello person reading this.
Wait WHY DIDN'T YOU LINK BILL GATES' CHANNEL???
i upload 12 videos a year dude when i saw your video in my notifications i didn't know who you even are
Gotta love it when there is people who care about the poor countries
#billgatesisthebest!
Today's Fact: The people that disliked this video about clean drinking water for struggling countries can go and eat a di-
NOW WE DRINK
W H A T   A R E  Y O U  D O I N G  I N  M Y  S W A M P ?
Proleter yay!
sooooooo youre drinking chlorine water...
Is that Bill Gates??????!!!!!!!!
What idiots disliked this
Amazing work mate.
6:22 Nice one bill
I LOVE SCIENCE ( pronounced  sss- cience) I especially love the suspense of waiting for your videos
Mark episode translated into Arabic     I am following you from Syria
Too bad it's P&G.
wow
3:00 turritopsis dorinhei (sorry for bad spelling)
Can you do the same procedure with coke to make crystal coke?
Love the new vid
Like this as a petition for Mark to run for president
All respect to you mark
He makes ridiculous things, ridiculously awesome things!
Thx for not click baiting with Bill Gates :)
I am so glad there are people like you.
Hell no... I will stick to my sawyer water filter
"Roses are red 
Violets are blue 
No one likes my comments 
So I like my own"
You shoud make an vlog channel where you could upload behind the scenes
Did Bill drink the water in the end?
why would you show the dead opposum?!? what the heck?
The way he developed his argument, towards the end, is a good foundation to say "foreign aid is a threat to white supremacy" lol
u shrek?
"Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime."
Love everything expect for when you said that them being poor basically made them terrorists (correct me if I'm wrong but that's what I got from it). Radical Islam comes from the teachings of the religion in the countries that have Sharia Law and what they believe is okay. I seriously doubt that them being poor is the reason they murder millions of people and want to destroy the west.
Been waiting for a new video!
5:50 he is no longer the richest person on earth. (Jeff Bezos is the richest guy today)
Really good  Video. hopefully it gets Viral.
5:52 not anymore lol
A Lifestraw personal water filter will make 1000 liters of purified water without chemicals.  The method shown here seems inefficient and wasteful.  P&G packet is good for only 10 liters, so 100 packets used vs one Lifestraw.  Plus price is better on Lifestraw.
Brow u need to do more then 12 videos a year... Your videos r so cool!!!
Bill is just hanging out with a bunch of YouTubers this week. cool cool.
I love your videos so much
I though you were joking about Bill Gates, you weren't!
Insanely inspirational video. I hope everyone could learn from this video.
Amazing Amazing Vieo
oh hi mark.
"im scared




I think i can sense when mark rober makes a video"
First Marques and now you to collaborate with Bill Gates. Good stuff.
"My guess is this:
The person who make immortality possible right now just use there brain, your genius try to figure out what kind of meal will have tomorrow or maybe think about how find sources for don't die"
A video from Mark Rober! Best Birthday Present EVER!
You're sooooooo smart!!!!
Great video.
"Mark please react to my comment.
Your biggest fan!"
perfect timing
"6:22 
I tried MY BEST to not laugh lol."
Humans are a virus - there is no future.
Rip rover curiosity
06:22
First MKBHD, now Mark?!
People like mark can make the world better place
why dont you do something usefull like prove the worlds flat
Great vid
Why would anyone hate on this beautiful video
2:40 RIP Flint
You said only 12 videos a year. Are you sure? It feels like you make way more than that.
Pffff... Do you call that a dirty water?
6:22 take that out of context lmao
5:56 What a legend, this is so epic can we get a W in the chat?
this video made me want tacos soooo bad.
You found this from nas daily
:)
Did he drink it?!
i wonder if large amounts of this could be used in the Ganges river to clean the dirt out of it..  or if water pumped out of the Ganges in truck or tanks could be treated with this..  as that river is really polluted and hundreds of millions of people depend on it.   they have a river clean up budget that has not been properly put to use yet..
FOR SCIENCE
"What is the difference between this powder, and Alum?
(:"
This would be great for the aquarium hobby sans the chlorine.
yo like my comment
What if they put that in the lake and then sweep up the dirty stuff at the bottom of the lake
Like for bill gates
i found this so fascinating, but i was left with some questions.. I ask because I dont know, but you mentioned the chlorine in that water which just dissapeared..Like where? And is it even safe to drink chlorine? Also those dirt clumps at the bottom, how do you get them out? What did that water taste like? You never said.  Great video, loved it so much!
Another positive that wasnt touched on is the majority of pollutants come from poorer countries, think of the garbage filled rivers in India, as these countries get richer they will be able to handle waist in a cleaner and safer way making their counties and the world less full of trash.
Amazing!!!
Oh hai Mark
The world would be more safe with less people on it.
Hey do you have the link to buy these

mommy?

this is an amazing start to 2019! Thank you Mark Rober!
I Love His Videos They're Really Cool!!
Gates is awesome!!!
5:30 the music is actually by Joakim Karud, not Andrew Applepie.
Mark is here. I am here!
8:26 Is that plague inc. (A game)
Rich countries are helping the worse off countries. This video is a perfect example of that is it not?
You love Nintendo.
rip possum
If I go to someone's house and I ask for water and they give me this, I'm smacking everyone in the crib.
How is you progress on you microwave invention
Countries do not have any obligation to pay for other countries. You should not have the authority to use the threat of deadly government force to compel me to pay for this. If you want to donate as an individual, that is your prerogative. Nobody asked the primary and most important question: "Why are the other countries poor?"
God bless to all
Now you can say youve made bill gates some pizza rolls

Funny sentence, considering the Ebola outbreak that just hit the Congo has a death toll of 500 already."
I was disappointed whe nobody said stephen hawkins :(
"Super cool video
I hope that you actually had burgers at the end instead of just teasing him."
"fishings not that hard. He's a grown man he can figure it out" -Ron Swanson
Why the hell did YouTube demonetized this
But the real question is that, is this Jesus water? HMMMMMMMMM?
When you hide in a muddy lake when you play hide and seek with Mark Rober he gets you to be doing his thing.
Bill Gates should be president of the USA
Damn. That's amazing.
I love these types of videos, well I love all of your videos, keep up the excellent work!
"A bit of an obscure up and comer: Bill Gates." -Mark Rober   Love your videos. And did he actually drink the water in the end?
What powder was that called

Mark: pizza rolls 

Bill: om nomnom cronch cronch"
That moment when you get here early and have nothing too say.
First comment
So basically ground Moringa seeds and bleach..
wheres my 20 bucks. legend
Me like holy cow im the 8000 view
I'd be curious to see what volume of water a single one of those packets can clean. Can the coagulants or anything break down after a certain amount of time? I would assume everything would settle out again if you shook up the bottle after everything settling out the first time?
Africans have been doing the same thing with alum for thousands of years.
By the way........have you and your family received the vaccines that Gates is behind???????????????
Bill gates is a doll <3
Wait is Mark Rober, Captain Disillusions brother?
Bill gates is humble, people who say otherwise: he was waiting in a line, to buy fast food
This is posted on my b-day
Posted on my birthday :)
18 minutes ago
I think Bill Gates is the best version of a billionaire. When you have enough money for you and family to be able to have everything and still have a lot more, why not help out the poorest. I'm not super liberal like oh lets tax the rich hardcore. I just think if you have more than you can ever use why not share.
Very interesting video, thanks for what you do.
You should have put Feat. Steven Spielberg in the title bro
Omg you went to Seattle!  I live there omg I wish I could of seen you!
Hey Mark I heard you have a son and I hope he gets better.
So in this case, it's not required to boil the water before drinking it?
Awesome!
Just add a pack of that stuff into the sea, all the mud and dirt particles go to the bottom, safe water for life
Mark love the vids man keep it up I also like the fact you upload every month ish it gives us something to look forward too thanks keep it up
Kurzgesagt have a great video on this topic
Billinda Gates
I love videos like these that cover important issues while adding a creative solution using math, science and everything in between. Great job Mark keep it up man.
Hot damn, this is one great vid. Maybe i could purchase a lot of this and hand it out on the poor people in the Philippines
Very very cool
"To save the world!



"Am I the only person who is being honest in here right now?

I just want LIKES!
So...
8:55 anime
Now, what if a cargo ship filled with these sinks?
Thanks for finally uploading!
you should upload twice a month
3:19 Sorry for my lack of knowledge, but what is the difference between HIV and AIDS?
Amazing video
Here before this video go viral
Bill Gates is one of the biggest, globalist, depopulation backers out there.
Hi i like stuff
Jeff Bezos is richer than bill gates
Worlds richest man loves dick's
So Mark Rober casually meets Bill Gates
How do I donate to dispense more of these packets?
To what e-mail should I send my request for some pizza rolls?
"6 Million subscribers!
Congratulations Mark, I know your going to get to 10 Mil very soon!"
This is epic
Wait, you said that the powder put "Chlorine" into the water, so the safe drinking water on top is chorine water? I'm confused, please clear this up for me if you have the time?
"No exception to a scientific rule???? What? That is unheard of? Lol

Every time I'm in a science class, we get taught something but then there is always an exception"
"Charity begins at home.
First Flint Michigan"
I saw your story on achieve3000
So you're with Bill Gates who is behind the elimination of 3/4 of the population........................
Bill Gates is the man.
Your message is inspiring and I love you
638th
8:24 - Plague Inc.

A lot of people are suffering from hunger and thirst. We take a ton of our food and water for granted donate to a charity even just a dollar will help"
Its a old mini shield potion
Poor you, Why did you do this?
I love your videos so much. I am such a nerd for good science.
Lol
man, some say that back then things were better, this is one of the lot of proves out their that humanity is getting better kinder and smarter Everyday  so do not forget to keep on dreaming
Great invention.
Erli squid
HOLY SHIP YOU MET BILL GATES
Why is Bill yelling? lol Mark is right in front of you
love when your videos come out!!
My man trolled the hell outa billy gates
Every time I see one of your videos I get smarter and know I know we all need to help each other not just ourselves
Mark, I love how you use the phenomenal success of your last video to evangelize something that is truly important. Bravo. You're an inspiration!

Drinking water in a bag !?
First
You better have put Mr Gates in the tags XD
You are so awesome!  I LOVE your videos!
The problem with helping poor countries is that the governments of said poor countries end up embezzling the funds meant to improve the commons mans lives to wage war and control their people.
I love these videos!!!!!!!!
"The Gates Annual Letter has really brought Gates to YouTube this year...
And a snowstorm to Seattle. Too bad you missed it."
FINALLY A VIDEOOOO
Honestly you inspire me so much
As soon as I saw the notification I clicked
I live in Santa Barbara and there are some really dirty creeks after the mudslides..would a few gallon of that powder clean it up? Where do you buy that?  Thanks for your vids...
"Mommy"
I think an argument could be made for Isaac Newton over Albert Einstein
God I love Bill.
Battery Low Its Getting Dark
Come on please make more than 12 videos per year please at least 15
Best Youtuber
"Wait so you know how you said an estimated 51 Billion people have been killed from malaria?
And then you said that drinking contaminated water has killed more people than HIV,AIDS, and Malaria? So contaminated water has killed 52 billion people?"
Just go to cracker barrel of you want swamp water.
8:04 that dude could sell his shoeball invention and get his country out of poverty.
P&G product!!! REEEEEEEEE! Satanists!!!!!!! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
100% of people who have died have drank water tho
this man literally collabed with bill gates...
Mind-blowing. Thanks, Mark.
HIIII YESS U BACK
I wish you posted more videos, but i guess being very selective about what you post it what makes your content so great. Thanks for the video i am loveing it.
you got Bill Gates to say "love dicks" good job man, greatest achievement in this video
Wow try not to do this to much it can harm you!
That moment when you get the notification that Mark River has posted a new video and you almost break your finger from clicking so fast
6:18 ok buddy listen to what bill says
How did he reached out to Bill Gates?
2:33 I got the water boy reference
Next collab with Elon Musk
Mark!!!! You scared me! I thought the delivery package for a new Mark Rober video was stolen!
sorry, but bill gates isnt the richest (anymore)
Oof
I love your vids Mark
BIll Gates: Love Dicks
"Bill Gates:
Love Dicks!

6:25"
Is that alum?
Why would people dislike this?
thank you mark rober
We need a Petition that makes Mark have 24 videos a year instead of 12.
Thanks Mark, you did a fantastic job and I love your work
GET OUTA MY SWAMP
6:22 I just can't stop laughing at that.
to not right in the title, that you are doing something with bill gates is one of the reasons why this youtubechannel is one of the greatest :D
12 videos a year and I just caught this upload 10 minutes ago, wow, I feel special!
I flipped luv u so much
WOW, that is completely amazing!

mark these kids are adorable"
4:53 I am amazed that Romania is using this sort of technology,I live in romania,good job!
Here before #1 trending
I love you
#eater of pizza rolls now we drink.
"Smartest person that ever lived?
Isaac Newton"
hi
Finally a new vid!
Wow, incredibly informative stuff! Subscribeddd
Gave 3 interviews to 3 YouTube channel in one clothes salute to @Bill Gates
LOVE DICKS
OMG :0  You made it to Bill Gates, Mark you are a legend <3
Hi
Are those packagings made of plastic?
Hi hi
Wow so you met Bill Gates. Daaaaamn
Bill freaking Gates!  what a classy move not put him in the thumb nail! Much respect Mark, much respect
Amazing video Mark!
Truly beautiful <3
this little packet cleaens 10l... that is awesome
Fact checked... Jeff Bezos is actually the richest man in the world. By only about 38.9 billion Dollars.
Yo today my class watched ur nasa video
BILL GATES outfit probably costed like 50$
Child labor on Youtube. Capitalism at its finest.
"Love Dicks" -Bill Gates
Bill Gates is basically Mr Rogers with billions.
Hi mark plz reply love your work dude
Bill gates sounds like such a nice person
Stephen hawkings is the most intelligent
8:24 isnt that pleague inc
Rip Mars Rover
That plague inc. Gameplay
does bill gates not do the opposite thing? like putting things in food for 3rd world countries so they die slowly
6:22 amazing
06:22
"Water purification tablets are a good piece to have in emergency and medical kits, you never know when or where you will need them and its better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it.
Weather you are using the water for drinking or washing out wounds.
Edit: It would be worth some people in the more advanced societies to take up some of the loss on those packets by purchasing them commercially, less loss in funds means more produced items."
I've been watching this channel for what feels like forever, so happy for a new upload!
I've so waited loooooooong
Build a man a fire and he's worm for 1 night. Set a man on fire and he's warm for the rest of his life.
"ex-richest"
Oh yeah yeah yeah
1:08 that super dead opossum killed me XD
"6:22
""love Dick's""
                         -Bill Gates 2019
I know he means the fast food restaurant but cmon I can't not think of it like that"
Yayayayayayayayyaayyayayayayayayayayayayaya
Hayoo I wish I could meet Bill Gates!!!
Sup like plz
hielo
Bill Gates is no longer the richest man on earth the guy who owns Amazon is
Rip to the mars rover
8:25 lol plague inc
Does people still think Bill gates is the richest man in the world?
"i love Dick's" taken out of context
Is he still the riches man on planet earth?
Mark finna be helping the world again
Seen as you 'arnt using your awesome degree/grades/thingy can i has your brain?
You are one of the best youtubers on this platform and one of my favourites i was already into space but because of you after im done high school im going to study space
Bill gates and mark rober make a good combo
2k views in one minute, this will be on trending for a couple of weeks!
Awesome video! Love what you do and thanks for bringing this to the forefront!
And in Malaysia?
"this is how i troll people


Read More"
6:21 WhAaaatTt (joke ok)
how do u feel about the mars rover dying?
Nice Job!!!
"Me: *Is sitting on the bus trying not to use too much mobile data
Mark: *posts video
Me: Screw it, I'm watching this"
4:11 i literally fell off my sofa
6:23 "I love Dick's" XD me too
6:22 anyone gonna make a "that's what she said" joke???
"does that mean Gillette might save the world


that redeems them from the ad"
1
Bill gates for president 2020
Bill gates is genius
Hi
"Your kitchen is beautiful!

Edit: Also, I love the new video."
Hi
06:22
YAY IM SO HAPPY
Finally new video!
I like how he used the plauge inc as an example
hi makk can you help out a fellow american that is down on his luck
Meets richest man on earth Decides to give him pizza rolls
I'm going to guess this video will get 2.8 mil views by the end of the day
Sub to PewDiePie
Mommy Loses
Good videooo
2:40 uuhhh actually , I'll have you know that I have clean fresh water at the twist of a knob
HE BACCCC
6:22  sounds wrong
Bill is so wholesome.
I hate science class but this is so cool
Pure waa
WHAT ARE YOU DOING, DRINKING MY SWAMP?!?
I saw that on Outragous Acts of Science! Bet you will get on again with this! :D
1like equals 1 pizza roll
"Can we have some proofs? I can't believe this thing works so well. There are tons of different bacteria, parasites and viruses etc
Ok, you did not die, but i wish to make some tampons of the water and incubate to see if at least bacteria are completely destroyed"
Thanks
"Early








I live in Seattle and dream of being like mark someday
LEGEND
06:22
great
hi
OMG AN UPLOAD!!!!!
5 days later mark was hospitalized
I really like these videos keep up the good work
PLEASE GO VIRAL!
Why only 12 video's
An upload
This was 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 out of 10
460th like
Same place like MQBHD?
Wow
178 views, 1.1K likes, dafuq youtube?
You could get I'll
178th
Woo
"Today's fun fact: if you press a like button for my comment I will be happy :-)
Edit: lol wow thanks I didn't think I would get any likes"
I love this! This is one of my favourite videos of yours along with package thief glitter bomb trap. You are so smart and creative
I came here with only 178 views. NOTIFICATION SQUAD!
The best content to watch
THATS HIGH QUALITY H2O RIGJT THERE!!
"1:08 lol dat oposum pranked you all :P

R.I.P. No name Norman"
Where can I get this "Purified swamp water" ?
12 views 240 likes and 55 comments thanks YouTube I mean it
"It is a really cool product for poor countries.
Love the videos, Mark! Hope to be like you one day!
Mark, I have a question for u... I know u worked on curiosity... but what on it specifically did u build
Hi i have been waiting for vid
It's 2 am here, was about to go to sleep but damn this guy uploaded a video.
This cool
178 views and 1 k dislikes go home youtube your drunk
Yes!!! Taking a break to watch this now!
This is fascinating.... wow
Hey mark
If Mark Rober think it's magic, it must be absolutely mind-blowing ;)
Sweden made beer from dirty poo water so thats cool
178 views and 1K likes ..
"Where's the 
OH YEAH YEAH GANG?"
YouTube is drunk
Shrek: Who is drinking my swamp!?
Dose it use suspension
Welcome back my favourite mark!
My name jeff
"Mummy." Hand wiggle
Yay a new vid
You are an awesome Youtuber Mark keep it up
Now this is Epic!
I wanna see abanna candom powered by horse pee


And you got time to talk to Bill Gates!"
"You cold drink clean water...






To save your life"
3:50 the guy looks like is Ben Shapiro was old
woah im early
178th view!
"IF YOU ARE READING THIS


From a Funny Youtuber in Europe."
Nice
Hi
I love youre videos!
179th
why would people unlike these things there amazing
#178
Nice first
Yummy!
Some high quality H2O right there
I wannabe a wannabe
Your amazing
So guys, we did it. Bill Gates actually exists.
Yes good vid always love the fun and educational content!!!
Dope
I love u mark
YouTube 22 views with 712 likes? What da heck
Xyou're awesome I was waiting for that video
I love science and everything you do make it better !
Where can I buy this powder?
Love your videos - Keep it up Mark!
Hi
Here before 10 million views
Helllooo mark rober!
Yessssssssssaass I love you mark rober as soon as I saw the notification I clicked!!
Hey another video! Love it!
Can you make a video on how YouTube makes no sense? Aka 12 views 411 likes and 14 dislikes and 32 comments.
Do you live near Santa Cruz??
"Congratulations on 6 Million Subs!!!! I am so excited for you!!! Keep it up!!!
-Rick"
Third. I love ur vids btw
Hi
When the cops pull you over and you have to try to explain that your white powder is for cleaning swamp water.
296th!!
Honestly idc how long it takes all his uploads are great.
"12 views 180 likes






seems legit"
You finally posted!!
Hi mark love your videos
HI
Nice
7 people thought the dislike was another like button
Yay the best youtuber makes another video
Yay a video
First like
It says you have 17 views with 671 likes and 271 comments. Nice
mud
Could we get longer videos ?
oh hi mark
0oof
Yes new video
HI FRIEND! Good to see ya Mark!
13 views and 458 likes youtube is on weed
Happy new year Mark
13veiws 525 likes what is this
Your my fav you tuber what would happen if a drone flew in a car while the car was moving
17 views 587 likes. Mark has made a YouTube like spam bot
"12 views and 151 comment?
Mark explain this.

(Kowalski analysis)"
Science is weird
Finally
Wait what you only make 12 vids a year
Noti squad!
I'm excited to watch this 15 times like I do with all your other videos, thanks Mark
Eeeeeee
13 views 520 likes and 201 comments yep makes sense
Sup
"Use creator code mark robor 




Wait"
Hi mark!!!!!!!!
"The one channel that is science related that I like. Therefore...





Your doing something right."
0:44 if you didn't noticed IT in the previous video, look in the window. :)
At least it helps, also my friends father works for NASA in Satellite Communications, love this channel :)
Sponsored by Mr. Clean
one minute in
Grats on 6mil!
Omg, 12 views.
Can u shout out my new channel; epinner04
18TH
Anyone else turn off ad-block for Mark Rober?
Finally
This is amazing
Very good and interesting video, keep up the great work man!!!!! So cool that you got to meet Bill Gates!!
The true life hack is to not drink water at all
Early squad where you at? I've never clicked on a video so fast!
"EVERYONE SHUT UP!!!!





Mark Rober has mad a new video"
save the world!
"So cool LIKE WHAT!?!?!?!?
Who also thinks that this is awesome??"
Please corporate with Science Bob (actually my teacher at Fessenden School)
Damn, that made me just realize, you only make 12 videos a year
I was literally just thinking of when your next video would be but then it just came out
12th
Nice
How does it have 12 views but 346 likes
New video yay!
12 views 313 likes
This is me as a grown man seriosly
1000th
Mark congrats on 6 milion subscribers
Interesting
Yah new vid btw keep up th good work
Yes I gave been waiting
Hmm maybe the government will fund th nope!
Thank you mark i LOVE your videos!
195th comment!
Make more videos or I'll unsub
hello!
Always excited for a Mark Rober video!!!
FIRST DISLIKE!!!!!   (soz bro ur vids r awsome)
Mark Rober is a god
Swamp water challenge?  Nah I'll pass.
12 views 239 likes
Before millions Squad
Noice
Wolfie copy
Oof
I love these videos! I really appreciate how Mark can balance education and entertainment so well. :)
That's what I have been waiting a month for
Early
i love ur videos your a genius
This is cool
You should demonstrate the monkey and hunter experiment, it got me really into physics but I think you could do an amazing version of it. Thanks for inspiring my love in science
Finally
insert shrek joke
Oh yeah yeah







You lose."
Shrek is gonna be mad that someone was in his swamp...
12th person
13
Yay more Science
Lol
Plz like this because no one else will
Cool
"12th :D
oh hi mark! nice to see you again :D"
Lol second
How much Gator Poop is in that water?
Mark I love you I am using your egg drop video for school
Mark you are clearly The best Channel
2nd comment hi hope someone sees this
First like
Hi mark rober
Love you videos Mark! Make more! Lol
Anyone remember when Mark was only at 1 million
Smart!!
Awesome!
NOOOO
Why are there already 6 disliked
IM SO GLAD YOURE BACK!
Hi plz make more videos
Reeeeeee
Cool video and I'm early!
12 views: 48 comments. Good job youtube
Youtube like 120 likes to 12 veiw......
A worthy sacrifice lol
Save pewdiepie with science please!
12 View
More vide
Awesome video
Hey, Vsauce. Mark here
Make a mini rocket
You know I love Science
Hi
So this is how brown sugar is made jk
I really liked your video
omg l was literally just checking your channel if you posted and now you posted
"You will get Swamp AIDs and suddenly become attracted to your cousin-sister 
Careful"
You mean to save pewdiepie
Hi!!
First
Amazing.
Really happy, a new video! Thanks for providing such good content
Hi
Yaaaasss
First
Third
First
YES A MARK ROBER VIDEO!
I live he gids
Hi!!!
hi
Hi! Can I get a hug?
I have been waiting for a new video for so long. You have no idea how fast I clicked!
Love your videos!!
Please heart comment
Hi big fan
Ayyy 6 mil!!
57
Hello
Its such a coincidence i was scrolling through your vids snd then you suddenly upload
First comment
Hi
Hey Mark love your video!
Another vud
Dude is that suspension
Mark Rober is the best Youtuber change my mind
WOW SO COOL YAY A NEW VIDEO
Amazing video
Hi
It's been too long!
Hi Mark!
Hi
Early
7th
I ate a cat
Cool
Forst
11 commet
Hi
Yay new video
Nice
Hi
HEYYYY
Ooh
Why...
THANK YOU"
im early
hi
Awesome I am subscribed and I have the bell on keep up the good work
"What if we roadhouse to save our planet





Roadhouse"
I love all your vids
1 question. Why
First
cool
Awesome
"#NotificationSquad!!!
3rd
ack
9th
1111111111
Nice
In first 3 commenrs
Clicked on this so fast
20th
Yesssssssss
Hi
smart guy
SAVE THE WORLD
Yeet
Hi
Me first
Finally a new post!!
Hi
Love your vids!!
great video
12th!
The things you do for science
5th
I clicked so fast lol
Number 1
First
Hello
REEE
Ur back
First
nice
Finally
nice
1
12th
NOTIFICATION GANG
First
Hi
ya
Hi
!!!!
HI
First
Yay new video
2nd
IM EARLY
Hi
Today's fact: More than 6,000 people with pillow-related injuries check into U.S. emergency rooms every year!